The property features a pool with sea views and a terrace. Free private parking is available on site.
In summer, it is served under the gazebo out on the terrace.
The accommodation comes with a flat-screen TV and a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave and a fridge.
Each offers views of either the hotel gardens, or of the Mediterranean Sea.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Kortrijk is a 24-minute drive.
The open-air museum in Rožnov pod Radhoštěm is 16 km from the property.
Guests can also make use of the barbecue facilities.
The Jostedal Glacier is a 30-minute drive away.
The property's spa also offers yoga lessons and massage services for a fee.
Teruel Train Station is 10 minutes’ walk away.
The living room is completed with sofa and a flat-screen cable TV.
Avenyn shopping street is a 5-minute walk away.
It consists of both sweet and savoury food.
Teramo is a 25-minute drive away.
They have a seating area and a bathroom with a bathtub or a shower.
They all feature a TV and a private external bathroom with hairdryer.
Luggage storage can be arranged by the 24-hour front desk.
The spacious rooms all feature views of the Dolomites.
Lucca Cathedral is 200 metres from the property.
Parking is free.
The property offers free parking.
Catania Fontanarossa Airport is 40 km from the property.
Hotel Pho Sein is just a 5-minute ride from Kandowgyi Lake in Yangon.
Baan Aoulabah offers a garden, a shared lounge and lockers.
During winter season there is a regular bus from the centre and the train station to Grand Paradis.
Heho Airport is a 45-minute ride away.
Rooms offer mountain and river views.
All units have a flat-screen TV, DVD player, and CD player.
It is a 10-minute drive from beaches, boutique shopping and dining options in both Rye and Portsea.
Guests can order room service and enjoy their meal privately in their guestroom.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and a hairdryer.
It is located 700 metres from the cathedral and 550 metres from the edge of river Rhône.
Free private parking is available on site.
Luo Family Hostel Branch 2 Guangzhou has a 24-hour front desk.
There is also a small hotel bar.
Guests can enjoy relaxing massages or the use of a sauna and jacuzzi.
Some rooms overlook the pool and the mountains.
This floor also has a bathroom with bath.
Restaurants, bars and shops can be found a short walk away.
Complete with kitchenware, the dining area also has an electric kettle and a dining table.
The property offers room with free Wi-Fi.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
Kuala Lumpur International Airport is 44 km away.
The kitchenette features a microwave, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
A full buffet breakfast with tropical fruits can be enjoyed daily at the restaurant.
Room service is available 24/7.
Apartment La Mata 135 offers air-conditioned accommodation in La Mata, 1 km from La Mata Beach.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Certain rooms have views of the mountain or pool.
Larnaca International Airport is 5 km from the property.
The property is by the Azzurra number 2 ski slope.
The guest house also offers car hire.
The property offers free WiFi in all areas.
In summer, the Kärnten Card is included in the rate.
There is also an en suite or private bathroom.
The famous beach of Armação de Pêra is 15 km away and Faro International Airport is 47 km away.
A ski bus stop is right outside.
Bathrobe and slippers are also provided.
Each room includes a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
Breakfast is served every morning in a nearby Monterosso cafe.
Some also include a minibar and are air-conditioned.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
A market is reachable within 500 metres.
Heroes' Square is 1.7 km from Yellow Roses Apartments.
Haus Berenice offers free WiFi and free parking.
The property offers 3 bedrooms and a spa bath.
All air-conditioned houses feature garden and pool views.
When the weather is fine, Katrineberg’s outdoor pool becomes a popular place to spend the day.
The Parisian Hotel is walking distance from the beach and just 10-minutes drive from the International Airport.
The property offers free parking.
The modern rooms enjoy tasteful décor.
The unit is 46 km from El Arenal.
Featuring a shower, shared bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
The Main Train Station is an 11-minute ride away.
At The Lookout Inn you will find a well-tended garden.
A business centre with computers and printers is available at Dallas Hyatt Place.
Appartamento al Mare is an apartment located in Lignano Sabbiadoro, 1.9 km from Porto Lignano.
Nearby the property there is a restaurant (200m) and a shopping area (9,0 km).
Ottawa International Airport is 20.5 km away.
Units offer views of the garden and mountains. Some units have sea view as well.
Free toiletries are available in the shared bathroom.
Courtyard Birmingham Downtown at UAB rooms include a seating area.
Each bright air-conditioned room here will provide you with a cable TV.
A continental breakfast is served every morning and can be taken in the guest room.
Located right on the beach, Aegli rooms are spacious and they all have a private balcony.
Private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
An en suite bathroom is featured in each room. Select rooms include a private terrace.
Rooms at Al Khayam Castle are air conditioned and include minibar and a TV set.
The bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
These cottages are located within 7 minutes’ drive of Savonranta town centre and Lekotti Ski Centre.
Free WiFi access is provided in reception.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer and the rooms also have an electric kettle.
Room service is available for limited number of hours.
You can walk to Milano Centrale Train Station in 5 minutes.
Located in Simferopol, Prostye Veshchi Hotel offers free Wi-Fi.
Located 50 km from Yalta, Apartment on Prospekt Kirova 16 offers accommodation in Simferopol.
The nearest airport is Rijeka Airport, 25 km from Guesthouse Gauss.
The Sefton Hotel also boasts a tranquil pool and a library where guests can relax with a drink or a book.
Guests can enjoy candlelit dinner in the gardens or even on the beach.
Chitlatda 2 Guesthouse is a 15-minute walk to Night Market and Phousi Mountain.
A continental breakfast is served daily.
It stands directly on hiking and skiing tracks.
This converted power station offers guests uniquely themed apartments with free Wi-Fi, and includes a garden with barbecue .
A daily continental breakfast is included.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a toaster and fridge.
Complimentary on-site parking is provided.
Here you will find large rooms and healthy cuisine.
Skiing enthusiasts can reach the Pila ski lift, which is 17 km from the hotel.
Beechworth is 33 km from Warrina Motor Inn, while Rutherglen is 39 km away.
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
Guided hiking trips and other activities can be arranged.
It boasts a spa and wellness centre, indoor pool and on-site restaurant.
The property offers free parking.
Rooms include TVs and tea/coffee-making facilities.
It offers simply yet clean accommodation and a tour desk.
Breakfast is served daily and packed lunches can be arranged.
You can explore Wen Temple and Hongshan Park in a walking distance of the hotel.
Litomyšl is 14 km away.
One of them also features a wood stove.
Featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a tennis court, Villa de Paco is located in Sever do Vouga.
Pavel + is located in Rimšani, near the city of Kraslava.
They can also benefit from the hiking, cycling and canoeing facilities of the hotel.
The hotel’s library offers a wide selection and the front desk is open 24-hours a day.
All rooms come with private bathroom facilities and freshly laundered beddings.
Louis Armstrong Airport is 89 km away.
Most rooms have a balcony.
A washing machine and a kitchen are provided.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in public areas of this lodge.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
It offers free Wi-Fi and an airport shuttle service.
The property offers free parking.
The kitchen is well-equipped with a stove, fridge, microwave and electric kettle.
There is also a kitchenette equipped with a stove.
Meeting facilities, laundry and an ironing service are offered for an extra charge.
The property offers free parking.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the entire building.
Enjoy convenient stays in cosy rooms at Raj Homestay.
Several museums, entertainment venues, shopping centers, restaurants and cocktail lounges are nearby.
Each has a piste or forest view from the balcony.
The restaurant specialises in typical regional cuisine.
It offers an outdoor pool and massage services. Free Wi-Fi is provided throughout the building.
Set 1.9 km from Opera and Ballet Theatre in Ufa, this apartment features free WiFi.
Pulkovo Airport is 15 km from the property.
The shared villa comes with a semi open living and dining area.
Every room has a private bathroom.
A stovetop and coffee machine are also offered.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
A bus, with links to Agrigento, stops 300 metres from A Chiazza.
Shared bathroom facilities are available.
A terrace or balcony with are featured in certain rooms.
The rooms at Pudra Hotel come with simple furnishings.
Rimini’s Federico Fellini International Airport is 10 km away.
The bathroom is upstairs and contains a shower and a toilet.
Free WiFi is available throughout the entire property.
The Syracuse Hancock International Airport is 8 miles from Knights Inn East Syracuse.
It has a swimming pool with sea views.
Airport shuttle is available upon request.
Vegetables and hazelnuts are grown on site.
Adler-Sochi International Airport is 4 km away.
You can find a café and a grocery shop 500 metres away, in the centre of Drenje.
Lefkada Town is 7 km away.
All rooms provide river and forest views.
Breakfast is available every morning from 04:00 until 12:00.
The studios and apartments also comprise a kitchenette.
Goa International Airport is 20 km away.
The property offers free parking on site.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
With an impressive yellow façade, it features a seasonal outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi.
Free private parking and free Wi-Fi access are provided on site.
Towels are provided.
Guests have access to a shared living area and luggage storage is available.
Apartment Jozefina also includes a barbecue.
Free parking is available.
Some have a terrace with a mountain view.
You can enjoy garden view from the balcony.
Free WiFi access is available.
The unit provides city, harbour and mountain views.
Apartments Mirjana features free WiFi.
The Moselle River is just 1 km from the guest house.
The Skadarlija Bohemian Quarter is located at a distance of 1 km from Hostel Stark.
Bairro Alto, Lisbon’s most renowned nighttime hot spot, is a 15-minute drive away.
The rooms of the Harnaś feature bright interiors and private balconies with views of the Tatra Mountains.
The hotel's leisure centre includes a sauna, hot tub and solarium to help you relax.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
The village centre with restaurants, bars and shops is only 20 metres away.
The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
You can play tennis at the property, and bike hire and car hire are available.
Pakaso sodyba Kirdeikiuose also includes a sauna.
This country house features a traditional restaurant serving regional cuisine.
Dubrovnik is 2.9 km from Apartment Anita, while Cavtat is 10 km from the property.
Casa Vacanza Il Cedro is located on the seafront in Marina di Ragusa.
The property offers free parking.
Located by the E6 Highway, this apartment is 6 minutes’ drive from central Sarpsborg.
One of the accommodations also includes BBQ facilities.
Newspapers are provided, while laundry and ironing services are available on request.
Pokoje gościnne Częstochowa is located in Częstochowa.
Nk'Mip Canyon Desert Golf Course is 2.8 km away from this motel.
Featuring free WiFi, JJ House offers accommodation in Ubud.
Adler-Sochi International Airport is 3 km from the property.
Laundry services are available upon request.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Caparó.
The Old Town can be reached in a 25-minute walk.
There is an outdoor pool and hot tub, tennis court and gym.
They have tiled floors and provide bed linen and bath towels.
All rooms offer mountain views, and some also overlook the river.
The restaurant has an extensive menu with meat, fish and vegetarian dishes.
It is located 7 km from the nearest beach and 8 km from the Old Town of Rovinj.
This hotel offers simply furnished guest rooms decorated in soft green and blue tones.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Each is equipped with a TV, a fridge and a telephone.
En suite bathrooms come with bathtub and hot shower facilities.
Airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge.
The air-conditioned suites and studios at Sky open onto a balcony.
Enjoy, after a day full of activities, a traditional braai with friends or family.
Gale Winds Golf Course and the Wythe Museum are both 4 minutes' drive from the hotel.
All rooms are bright and feature private balconies.
Mes Amis offers 2 lounges equipped with books and board games.
At West Loop 4 Bedroom Apartment you will find a garden. There is a washing machine and tumbler dryer.
Plaza De San Miguel and San Miguel Market are just 850 metres from the apartment.
Megève is 11 km from the property.
During pleasant weather the food can be taken on the veranda, overlooking the children's playground.
The Red Square and the Moscow Kremlin are 3 metro stops from the property.
Extras include a desk and a safety deposit box.
The property offers free parking.
The restaurant provides a terrace and serves a wide range of cold dishes and cooked meals.
This self-catering apartment is located on a sunny slope in Baden-Baden.
Guests can also relax in the beer garden with barbecue terrace.
The apartment features free WiFi and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
It features free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception desk.
In addition guests will find restaurants serving traditional Algarve cuisine within 500 metres.
It offers an outdoor swimming pool and a garden with tropical trees.
The room comes equipped with satellite TV, as well as with a fridge and a kettle.
One bedroom boasts a private terrace with sea and mountain views.
Extras include bed linen.
Private parking is free.
Coffee-making facilities, a hairdryer, and ironing facilities are also provided.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The free ski bus stop is just 30 metres away.
Angkor Tropical Resort is nestled within a garden.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Guests have access to a kitchen with fridge, microwave and free tea.
They also have a fan and a good-sized private bathroom.
Sunny Apartment is 15 km from Thessaloniki.
Laundry service and airport shuttle are both offered.
Sheffield Railway Station is a 10-minute walk away.
Shops and restaurants can be found 200 metres from the apartment.
The property is in a pedestrian area, close to restaurants, supermarkets and shops.
Each air-conditioned room includes a bathrobe and slippers.
Free parking is also provided.
Weber State University is 15 minutes’ drive from the motel.
Bayside Marketplace is 2.8 km away and the Miami International Airport is 8 km away.
All units include a seating area.
At Apartament Nina you will find a garden.
The in-house restaurant, Vels serves a selection of Indian and Chinese specialities.
The property offers free parking.
It has a free parking.
All units are air conditioned and include a seating and/or dining area, equipped with a flat-screen TV.
City Over Monte Carlo offers self-catering apartment in Beausoleil.
Some have a seating area, while others come with a balcony.
A mini-market is on site guest convenience at Southern Hills Sioux City Candlewood Suites.
Ironing facilities are also available.
Breakfast is served every morning at Kemer Cave House.
Inside Hotel Royal you will find a restaurant and bar as well as comfortable and well-equipped rooms.
Aqua Hostel is situated on the water in Saint Petersburg, 100 metres from Petrovsky Stadium.
This self-catering accommodation is 1.3 km from renowned Rocha Beach.
The Knut Hamsun Centre is 30 km away.
A restaurant serving local specialities is 300 metres from the property.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the public area.
All rooms offer a balcony or patio, some with stunning ocean views.
They all come with free Wi-Fi and satellite TV.
Marseille Provence Airport is located 31 km from the property.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen TV and electric kettle.
A la carte breakfast is provided daily.
Each apartment has a balcony overlooking the gardens, pool or sea.
The apartment has a sofa, TV and a fully equipped kitchen.
Free WiFi is available in public areas.
There is a computer for guests to stay in touch with family and friends.
It features free WiFi throughout.
The final cleaning fee is included.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
It offers soundproofed accommodation.
It features a restaurant and a bar.
The nearest airport is Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport, 4 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Augusto Cesar Sandino International Airport, 33 km from the property.
A sweet and savoury breakfast buffet is served daily.
Rijeka Airport is located 26 km from the property.
The property offers free parking.
Wi-Fi and parking are free.
A satellite TV with CD/DVD player is also a standard across all units.
En suite bathrooms have a shower.
Hardangervidda National Park is about 80 km from Geilo Gaarden.
It includes a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks.
Thanapa Apartment is a 15-minute drive from Ladprao MRT Subway Station.
Each air-conditioned room features a flat-screen TV, safe and seating area.
Airport shuttle services are offered by the property.
The property offers an airport shuttle for an extra charge.
The apartment features a seating area and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
There is a shopping delivery service available at an additional cost.
Buses to Merano and Bolzano stop just 100 metres away.
The Freedom Monument is only 180 metres from the de Rome hotel.
The shores of the Lake Maggiore are 12 km away.
Guests can enjoy snacks and cocktails at the lounge bar.
The property offers free parking.
Take in pool views while dining at Marco Polo's Italian Restaurant & Pizzeria.
Free private parking is available on site.
Packed lunches can be provided if required.
Its restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast.
Outdoors, there is a fire pit and a private hot tub.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is featured.
Some units have a sea view or terrace.
Offering a garden view, rooms feature a private bathroom with a shower.
Breakfast is provided every morning.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Each cottage is fitted with a balcony and fan.
The private bathroom comes with shower, bidet and hairdryer.
The private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer and a bath or shower.
Some have a scenic view of the lake.
Organic items are served every morning for breakfast, which includes sweet food and drinks.
Set on the SS 16 national road, it offers rooms with a balcony, and free parking.
The kitchenette comes with a dishwasher and an oven.
The Main square is a 15-minute walk away.
Some units also feature a balcony.
Monopoli is 30 km away.
The apartment comes with a well-equipped kitchen.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
A swimming pool, garden and sauna are featured on site.
The nearest airport is Nice Côte d'Azur Airport, 22 km from the property.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the property.
Rooms at Hotel Vista Kamatal are furnished a green-tea maker.
Private parking is available on site.
The Feelgood spa includes an indoor heated pool with hydromassage and a sauna.
They each have a kitchenette equipped with a microwave, fridge and washing machine.
Guests can also utilize the car rental services to get around the area.
Free WiFi access is available.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and bidet.
On-site parking is for free at Zangerl Haus.
The homemade buffet breakfast at the Santo includes a wide selection of hot and cold dishes.
The apartment is 1.8 km from Louvre Museum.
Santorini Princess Spa Hotel is less than 4 km from the lively Fira town.
A garden with plants and trees is available.
Holiday home Slåenvej Jerup V is located in Jerup.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
If offers free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel.
They also come with a TV and a private bathroom with shower.
Les Marines Beach is 3.5 km from Capsades VB, while Denia Bus Station is 1.8 km from the property.
JR Takamatsu Train Station is a 1-hour train ride away.
It provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
Some have a balcony with city views.
All units include a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and oven. A microwave and toaster are also featured, as well as a coffee machine.
The apartment will provide you with a TV and a balcony. There is a kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
Daily newspaper is also provided.
At Camping Manon you will find BBQ facilities.
The property features sea and mountain views.
The centre of Elounda is within a 3-km distance.
All of the rooms at the Hotel Luisenstuben have a modern bathroom and a conservatory or terrace.
Lie back and unwind in the garden pavilion, on the sun terrace or even on your own room balcony.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
They also have a fully-equipped kitchen with a dining area.
Facilities include an indoor pool, 2 outdoor pools and water slides.
Rooms suitable for wheelchair users are available.
You have free Wi-Fi in public areas and free parking.
A private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
The nearest airport is Falcone-Borsellino Airport,100 km from the property.
The property enjoys city views and is offers free WiFi access and a snack bar.
Free parking is provided.
Some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
The private bathrooms have a bath and a bidet.
Guests can relax in the lounge area or in the sauna.
Offering a one-bedroom apartment on the 28th floor, the property features a fitness centre and pool.
Cagliari is a 25-minute drive away.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests can also relax on the patio and admire views of San Martino Tower.
Bed linen, towels and final cleaning are included.
It offers rooms with air conditioning and heating and free WiFi .
Free WiFi access is available in this holiday home.
Free WiFi is available throughout the hotel.
They have a sofa and a dining area.
The club is ideal for events, parties, gatherings and even beach weddings.
There is also an à la carte restaurant.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
Apartment on Sibirskaya offers accommodation in Novyy Urengoy.
Here a good selection of local wines is available.
There is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
Free WiFi access is available.
The bathroom and toilet facilities are shared.
Other facilities here include a barbeque, shared lounge, and free bike rental.
There is also a garden with barbecue facilities at Studio Petric.
There are also numerous cycle routes surrounding the site.
Featuring a bath, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are provided.
Zurich Airport is reachable within 1 hour by car.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
An Airport Shuttle service is available at a surcharge.
Extras include a washing machine.
There is also a bar with a terrace on site.
Towels and bed linen are available at Daliowa Apartment.
Guests can enjoy a meal in the restaurant, which opens onto a terrace.
Free WiFi is accessible in all areas.
It features a wellness area and free private parking.
Meeting rooms and a business center are available to guests.
Free WiFi access is available in the rooms.
The bathroom includes a bathtub, and a hairdryer and toiletries are provided.
Aalborg Congress & Culture Centre is reached within 5 minutes on foot.
The popular town of Tiberias is 30 km from the property, while Mount Tabor is less than a 45-minute drive away.
Bars and restaurant are scattered around the property.
Guests can enjoy the New Year's Eve fireworks show from their private terraces.
Guests are also welcome to make use of the trout fishing lake which is owned by the farm.
Set in Vigliatore, Camping Village Salicà offers its own private beach and swimming pool.
St Bernard's Whisky and Champagne Bar offers a wide variety of Scotch whiskies and French champagne.
Elaf Al Modn Hotel Apartments is located in Riyadh and offers self-catering accommodation.
Other facilities offered at the property include dry cleaning and laundry facilities.
Safari Lodge has a restaurant and bar in a separate open-sided building.
All include a fully equipped kitchen, with a microwave and dining area.
There is a common living room with sofas and a belly stove.
Other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage.
Free WiFi access is available in the reception and bar area.
Da Lat Flower Gardens is 7.5 km away, while Nha Trang Airport is approximately 87 km away.
Other dining options include a bakery.
Saint Isaac's Cathedral is a 5-minute walk away.
Ataturk Airport is 18 km from Baklava Hotel.
On request, the owner can prepare you food of your selection.
There is a fish cleaning place.
The nearest grocery store is 50 metres away.
Amenities include cable TV and a fridge.
Phuket International Airport is a 45-minute journey away by car.
Eureka Springs Historic District is 43 minutes' drive from the property.
Talavera La Real Airport is 68 km away.
Guests staying at 52 Bracelet are 6 km from the botanical garden.
En suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
The property also offers free parking.
Certain units have a seating area for your convenience. Every room has a shared bathroom.
Rooms with a flat-screen TV are featured at Hotel Siena Residence.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
Facilities include a safe, a fridge and an electric kettle.
The historical centre of Esztergon, set 4.2 km away.
Suites also have a well-equipped kitchenette.
Barbecue facilities can be requested.
Willa Radosna is located in a quiet area of Karpacz, 850 metres from the town centre.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in all rooms and public areas.
Hasmark Resort’s spa offers a sauna, steam cabin and massage treatments.
Izhevsk Airport is 14 km away.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Alternatively guests may visit the traditional Portuguese restaurants located within walking distance.
These stylish apartments have attractive design.
Other facilities at Al Bateen Residences include a spa centre.
It offers room service, restaurant, bar and free private parking.
In the winter it is served in the dining room and in the summer in the terrace, equipped with tables and chairs.
The hotel features a 24-hour reception allowing guests flexibility during their stay.
The hotel is 1 km from Dam Market and 4 km from Nha Trang Train Station.
The nearest airport is Kaliningrad Khrabrovo Airport, 14 km from Walde Park.
Guests can prepare their meals using the fully equipped kitchens available in every apartment.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation and free Wi-Fi throughout the premises.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
Free WiFi access is available.
Massages are available upon request.
The property offers free parking.
Heho Airport can be reached under 19 km from the resort.
WiFi and parking are free
Most units also feature a balcony.
Mossman Gorge is a 25-minute drive away.
Also there is a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
Room service is available.
Free private parking is available on site.
Bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
The nearest airport is Rome Ciampino Airport, 24 km from Agriturismo Tre Acque.
Some rooms include a kitchen.
It also has 2 bedrooms with large windows and 2 bathrooms.
The hostel offers rooms and dormitories with access to the shared bathrooms.
Featuring a balcony, all rooms come with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
They can also try local dishes with fresh fish.
Hotel Seoul BJ is 6 km from Gimpo Airport and 50 km from Incheon International Aiport.
Free WiFi access is available at Tsentr Hostel.
Monet’s gardens at Giverny are a 50-minute drive from the accommodation.
The nearby beach is equipped with free parasols and deck chairs.
They come with air conditioning, flat-screen TV and a spacious balcony.
Offering a seasonal outdoor pool, B&B Villa Beatrice is located in a peaceful area in Verona.
Excursions in the surroundings are available on request.
It has a garden and a shared kitchen.
The Albert Cuyp market is a 5-minute walk from The Arcade Hotel, while the Sarphati park is situated across the street.
The famous Majorelle Gardens are a 7-minute drive away.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Some rooms offer views of the castle.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guanajuato Del Bajio International Airport is 30 km away.
Cottage House Helena is surrounded by a green garden.
Free private parking is available on site.
Some local alcoholic or non-alcoholic drinks are offered free of charge at the lobby bar.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Breakfast is served in guests' rooms daily.
Bikes are available at the property.
Halle/Leipzig Airport is 48 km away.
Some rooms boast a terrace or balcony with beautiful views.
The property offers free parking.
Daily cleaning is available upon request and for an extra charge.
Agamont Park is 7.8 km from High Seas Motel, while Frenchman Bay is 2.9 km away.
There is also a hotel terrace where guest can relax and enjoy the view.
Guests can enjoy meals at Poruchik Golicin’s restaurant and the hotel’s facilities include a spacious banquet hall.
Cafes and shops are a 5-minute walk from Kvart Hotel Smolensk.
For an extra charge, the Viardo offers a shuttle service to Tashkent Airport.
The hotel also has a business centre and 24-hour front desk.
Guests also enjoy the convenience of a 24-hour reception.
Ubud HomeMADE Resto serves local specialities.
Ipanema beach is 2 km away.
Wroclaw – Copernicus Airport is 88 km away.
A cable TV and a sofa are provided in all rooms at Travelodge Calgary South.
Guests can relax in sauna and small indoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities are available.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
The property offers free parking.
Wachthubel Bus Stop is 500 metres away.
The property is just 500 metres from Kelab Golf Perkhidmatan Awam Malaysia.
It also organises shuttle service for an additional fee.
Certain units feature views of the mountains or river.
Certain rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV. You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Free WiFi is available in all rooms and free parking space is offered around the site.
It offers a gym, indoor swimming pool and free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel.
All rooms at Hotel Bilan are located in refurbished prison cells.
Rooms offer balcony and air conditioning.
Each room offers a balcony.
Free WiFi access is available.
Grand Harbour Hotel features free WiFi .
The property features a garden, a terrace and an outdoor pool.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Located in the heart of Jaipur, Hotel Ruby is a 10-minute walk from the Central Bus Stand.
Here guests will find an array of commerce and gastronomical options to enjoy.
Free private parking is available on site.
Dublin Castle is 200 metres away.
Benicàssim Train Station is 8 minutes’ drive from Apartamentos Benicasim 3000.
The private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and toiletries.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi. Bikes are available free of charge.
Guests have free access to the gym and business center.
Guests can take a refreshing swim in the swimming pool and relax in the surrounding sun loungers which overlook the green garden.
You can enjoy sea and city view from the room.
Public parking is available nearby, at an extra charge.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
You can engage in various activities, such as snorkelling, fishing and hiking.
A breakfast buffet is served every day.
Look forward to your private garden and terrace.
Haus am Meer’s restaurant features wooden beams and an open fireplace.
Eckerförde’s sandy beach is only an 8-minute walk away.
Wi-Fi is free in public areas.
Some have views across the Adriatic Sea.
Restaurant Ticinella is located 50 metres from the doorsteps of Casa Pace.
All air-conditioned rooms have a TV and private bathroom.
Nearby there is a restaurant (500m) and a shopping area (500m).
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and ski storage.
Free Wi-Fi and parking are provided on site.
Phuket International Airport is located 21 km away.
Wi-Fi is available free of charge and a terrace with barbecue facilities can be used on site.
Genoa Airport can be reached in around 1 hour by car.
Take advantage of the large, free car park.
It offers a spa with indoor pool, a kids’ club, and regional cuisine.
Cam Ranh International Airport is approximately a 40-minute drive away.
The surrounding area has plenty of shops, bars and restaurants.
The hotel also provides car rentals, laundry and dry cleaning services.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Restaurants and bars can be found within a short walk.
Wi-Fi access is available at an additional cost.
Boat trips to the famous Blue Cave on Biševo Island can be arranged.
Nestled in tropical gardens, Hana Lanta Resort features comfortable rooms.
Bed & Kitchen offers a spacious apartment with free Wi-Fi.
This country hotel has a café bar and a lounge, with DVD player and a fireplace.
They all include LCD TVs and private bathrooms.
Meiji Ryokan is a 15-minute drive from Lake Chiyoda and Takeda Shrine.
The house offers a garden with terrace and barbecue facilities.
It offers free Wi-Fi and free on-site parking.
The Maritime Alps Natural Park can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
Apartments also include a kitchenette.
A seating area with a fireplace and cable TV is also available.
Ironing facilities are available upon request.
JP Ressidency Pondicherry’s rooms are spacious and decorated in neutral colours.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Free WiFi access is available.
Hajdúszoboszló Folk House and Museum is 500 metres from Janet's Aparments.
Featuring a bath or shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
Guests will be able to get to the beach are within a short walk.
The Cours Saleya Fower Market in the Old Town is a 10-minute walk away.
Private bathrooms have shower facilities.
Stargate Dining & Bar on the top floor features international cuisines.
The bus stop for the town centre is directly in front of the house.
Wailea Blue Golf Course is within 1.5 km from the Polo Beach Club.
Suvarnabhumi Airport is a 40-minute drive away.
Vale do Milho Golf is a 5-minute drive from the property.
The property is 6.3 km from El Nido Airport.
Rooms have simple interiors and are fitted with a bed, air conditioning and a TV.
The hotel offers 34 cosy rooms, a bar and sauna and a big lawn.
Hotel T&T features a sauna and a monitored car park.
Some of the rooms have a shared bathroom.
Bed linen is featured.
Amenities include a flat-screen cable TV and safety deposit box.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Rooms at Pousada Do Marquês have tasteful white interiors with colourful oil paintings.
Hong Kong International Airport is 24 km away.
Guests can sunbathe on the terrace or take a dip in the outdoor swimming pool.
The wooden furnishings give the rooms a warm, chalet-style ambiance.
A mini-market with groceries that guests need is also provided.
The open-plan kitchen is fitted with a refrigerator, a microwave and a stove.
The Großglockner Mountain is 40 km away.
Brazos Bend State Park is 18 miles away.
The Alhambra, overlooking the city of Granada, is a 48 km drive away.
Rooms at the Mulino features a satellite TV and balcony.
Pitch & Putt Golf Course is 1.3 km away.
The accommodation is less than 7 km from Kuala Lumpur Golf and Country Club.
FlyBalaton Airport can be reached within 10 km.
You will find room service at the property.
The property offers free parking.
The nearest airport is Tours Loire Valley Airport, 30 km from the property.
Lanna House is located 5 km from Chiang Mai Train Station.
Restaurants can be found within walking distance.
Parking is available onsite.
Darwin International Airport is 7 km from the property.
Breakfast is served in the garden, in the rooms or in the dining area.
The simply furnished rooms have a private bathroom and are equipped with a fan.
In the morning guests can enjoy breakfast at the Courtyard Café.
En suite bathrooms offer shower facilities.
Outdoor furniture are also provided.
It offers a sauna, children’s playground and daily breakfast at the restaurant.
All rooms come with a flat-screen TV, a fridge and a private bathroom.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
It also features a garden and a terrace with hammocks, as well as laundry facilities for guests’ convenience.
They sleep in traditional futon bedding on the tatami (woven mat) floor.
The private bathrooms have the added comfort of bathrobes and slippers.
A flat-screen satellite TV and DVD player are included in all the rooms.
Hostal Internacional is located 50 metres from 12 de Octubre sports complex.
Within 3.8 km shops and restaurants can be found.
Please note that nearby dining options are limited.
All luxurious guest accommodations include free WiFi.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The spacious apartments have been renovated and fitted with modern furniture.
The hotel is located on the first floor of an 18th-century building without a lift.
Each room has a cable TV, minibar and safety deposit box.
In the evening, treat yourself to a wholesome meal in the hotel restaurant or enjoy a drink in the bar.
The bathroom includes a bath or a shower.
Satellite TV, a telephone and a refrigerator are provided in each room.
Each room here will provide you with cable and satellite TV and air conditioning.
Guests can enjoy a drink in the bar at Les Quatre Vents.
The Tamaki Restaurant on-site serves breakfast buffet and lunch.
The nearest beach is a 5-minute drive away.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Laundry with dry cleaning and luggage storage facilities are available.
You can play table tennis at the inn.
SR Pradeep Park is located in Chennai, 2.7 km from Chennai Trade Centre.
Old Town features restaurants, bars, museums and galleries.
Guests can unwind in indoor and outdoor hot spring baths.
It offers rooms with satellite TV and free Wi-Fi, and a gym.
Situated in Sozopol’s New Town, Apolis is just 70 metres from Harmani Beach.
Rooms come equipped with a private bathroom and flat-screen TV with TNT channels.
Dubrovnik Airport is located 9 km away.
Schiphol Airport is situated at a distance of 14 km from this property.
Offering free Wi-Fi, Hattlerhof is 2.5 km from the centre of Brunico.
Gaudí’s Casa Batlló and La Pedrera are within 15 minutes’ walk of the property.
Tricesimo is a 5-minute drive from the property. Udine is 13.5 km away.
The inn also offers car hire.
The open-air lounge at Pousada Hotel da Praça features free Wi-Fi.
Car rental and airport transportation is also possible at an extra cost.
The bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
White Sand Beach is 4.5 km from the property.
Leuca is a 30-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Suvarnabhumi Airport, 16 km from Resort M Bangkok.
Central Minsk Apartments are located in Minsk city centre, within a 10-minute walk of the Lenina Square.
The nearest airport is Sheremetyevo International Airport, 24 km from the property.
Certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
Underground parking is available on request.
The rooms come with minibars, safety deposit boxes and refrigerators.
The villa houses a private outdoor swimming pool nestled within the tropical greenery.
The Uffizi Gallery is a 4-minute walk away.
Ironing facilities are also available.
The nearest airport is Fertilia Airport, 6 km from the property.
Wadi Rum Bedouin Camp also includes a children's playground. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
It provides peaceful accommodation with free WiFi internet access and free parking.
Super 8 Gaffney features free WiFi throughout the property.
Spicy Art Guesthouse features free WiFi throughout the property.
Various taverns and cafés are within proximity.
The two-bedroom apartment is provided with a lounge with TV and HI-FI system.
This Motel 6 New Orleans is located 5 miles from the French Quarter.
Foros is 31 km from Apartment on Ochakovtsev 39, while Simeiz is 44 km away.
This family-run villa is 10 km from Asolo and an hour's drive from Venice's historic centre.
Take the stroll through the peaceful gardens, or enjoy a quiet afternoon with a Balinese massage in the spa.
Free WiFi access is available in the public areas of this chalet.
Some rooms have a microwave.
The rooms offer spacious and simple interiors. They come equipped with a cable TV and a telephone.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The private bathrooms have a shower.
Holiday home Højvangen Ebeltoft I is located in Ebeltoft and it can accommodate up to six guests.
Luggage storage is available.
Bicycle rental is available on site.
Other facilities offered include a tour desk, dry cleaning and a laundry.
Situated close to the bus station, the hotel offers easy access to beaches.
A homemade continental breakfast is served daily, and a savoury breakfast is possible on request.
Guests can relax on the spacious, sunny terrace or in the sauna.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
The Restaurant Vier serves seasonal cuisine and specialities from the Brandenburg region.
The bus for Malta International Airport stops 150 metres away.
Private parking is available on site with an additional cost.
The air-conditioned house has a living room with a sofa bed and TV.
Pisa Galileo Galilei Airport is 52 km away.
At Villa Vasilis you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
Hotel Galaxy Heights offers accommodation in Bahawalpur.
Two parking places are available on the plot.
Bikes can be rented on site.
La Cigale Tabarka offers direct access to tennis courts and the Tabarka Golf Course.
A supermarket is 300 metres away from the Ric-M.
Diocletian's Palace is 1.9 km away.
Breakfast can be enjoyed at the poolside, so you can start your day under the warm Mediterranean sun.
It features a restaurant and a spa area with an indoor pool.
Services like dry cleaning and laundry are provided.
Complete with a dishwasher, the dining area also has a microwave and an oven.
Savoury products are available on request.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible throughout the Sterling Dulles Hawthorn Suites.
Free WiFi is available.
Apartment Studio Semafornaya offers accommodation in Krasnoyarsk.
The property features a garden and BBQ facilities.
Split Airport is located 9 km from the property.
A buffet is served in the breakfast room at the Blaue Mühle every morning.
Brunico / Bruneck is reachable in 25 minutes by car.
The scenic town of Corfu with the Venetian Fortress is a 15-minute drive away.
Supermarkets, restaurants and bars are nearby.
Laundry service is available at a fee.
All services available at Hotel Dražica are also available to the guests of Villa Lovorka.
Each room at Happy People Hostel will provide you with a seating area.
Panama Hat Hostel features free WiFi throughout the property.
The nearest bus stop and taxi boat station are 300 metres away by foot.
Each room feature air conditioning, safe box, electric kettle and a minibar. There is also a balcony.
There is a garden, where guests can relax.
You can find several shops, and supermarkets in the surrounding area.
Vnukovo International Airport is 20 km away.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer and shower.
There is a mini shopping mall 150 metres from this guest house.
There is a seating area and a kitchen. A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is featured.
Each room here will provide you with a satellite TV, air conditioning and a terrace.
The nearest airport is Marseille Provence Airport, 20 km from Les Ô.
Guests benefit from balcony and an outdoor pool.
The unit is 26 km from Kissimmee.
The holiday home is composed of 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom, fitted with a bath or shower, a bidet and a shower.
Beaches at Port de Pollensa and Cala Sant Vincenc are within 10 minutes’ drive.
Margaritaville is a short walk away.
Guests can also relax in the property's hot tub or in the sun terrace.
Nautibeach Condos is 1 km from Discovery Dolphins and from Parque Garrafon Park.
Supermarkets and various restaurants are 300 metres from Apartmany Nowy.
Rooms come with a shared bathroom.
The apartment will provide you with a TV with satellite channels and a balcony.
A kids’ pool is also available.
Excursions to Međugorje, Mostar, Dubrovnik and Biokovo can be arranged on site.
The hotel rooms come with a desk and a flat-screen TV.
For your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The private bathroom has a shower and towels are included.
A restaurant is 1 km away and guests can reach the closest supermarket within 5 minutes by car.
It has 2 bathrooms and a washing machine is available.
A work desk, bed linen and ironing facilities are included.
Hang Nadim Airport is a 30-minute drive from the hotel.
Ironing facilities are provided.
It is also well known for its horse-breeding.
A breakfast buffet is included for guests at the Berghotel.
Free WiFi is offered.
Hotel Malina features free WiFi .
Evi House lies 4 km from Portokali Beach and around 15 km from Kalamitsi Beach.
The Přelouč Train Station is just 1.4 km away.
A common laundry room is at guests’ disposal.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation with a sea-view balcony and a terrace.
Guests can visit Karlstejn Castle, 20 km away, or Krivoklat Castle, 25 km away from the Barbora.
Pine forest trails are within a 5-minute walk from Kristinos Apartamentai - Birutės al.
Southeastern Oklahoma State University is 3 km away.
The equipped kitchens are fitted with a stove, oven and refrigerator.
In the garden there is also a barbecue corner.
Rooms have a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
It is next to Basilica di San Marco and a short walk from Florence's many attractions.
Mojácar town centre is less than 2 km away from the hotel.
Other facilities offered include a children's playground and a laundry.
Breakfast is included and served in the apartments and there is a common computer for guest use.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Special diet meals can also be prepared upon request.
Traditional Japanese breakfast is also offered.
The Shaza Al Madina hotel is located 13 km from Prince Mohammed Airport.
Hudson River Islands State Park is 22.4 miles away.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge and a tour desk.
Rooms are also equipped with a cable TV and tea- and coffee-making facilities.
A dishwasher, a microwave and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
The hotel also offers car hire.
Extras include an outdoor seating area and bed linen.
Guests can approach the tour desk to make arrangements for canyoning tour, daily city tour and cycling tours.
You can play billiards at the hotel.
The attached bathrooms are equipped with a shower and basic amenities.
A continental breakfast is provided each morning.
This property is located 500 metres from Balcon de Europa viewpoint
All rooms include a private bathroom.
Free WiFi access is available.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher and an oven and there is a private bathroom.
The property is 1.4 km from Place de la Concorde and 1.7 km from the Tuileries Garden.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
The property offers free private parking.
The bathroom is fitted with a bath and a shower.
A big breakfast buffet is provided in the mornings.
The nearest airport is Kazan International Airport, 19 km from Kazan Kampus.
You can walk to Calle Elvira in 7 minutes. Here you can find a range of restaurants and bars.
A 24-hour reception is available for any queries.
The Blue House features free WiFi throughout the property.
Some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Bangkok is a 2.5-hour drive away.
There is a terrace, and free Wi-Fi is provided.
Free parking is offered on site.
Packed lunches can be requested.
Il Fogliano Hotel is a 25-minute drive from the seaside town of Sabaudia.
Complete with an oven, the dining area also has a refrigerator and kitchenware.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
You can enjoy a garden view from the room.
Guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave, stove, kettle and fridge.
The resort of Sunny Beach is 6 km from the property.
Some rooms have exposed-stone walls.
Extras include a washing machine and a fan.
A grocery store is within 10 minutes’ walk.
The hotel also has a bar serving drinks and cocktails by the pool.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and dishwasher.
Select rooms offer a fireplace.
It is a 45-minute drive from Ubud area.
All units are built with wood.
Guests can relax with a refreshing drink in the bar. The property offers a fitness centre.
The nearest airport is Istanbul Ataturk Airport, 24 km from the property.
Alamos also includes a terrace.
Featuring a bath, the stylish private granite bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
WiFi access is available.
Free WiFi access is available.
The famous beach of Side, Buyuk Plaj is just a 10-minute walk away.
The property boasts views of the garden and is 1.1 km from Palais des Festivals de Cannes.
Other facilities at Wider View - Bahar, JBR include an outdoor pool.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. The property also offers free parking.
A bus stop is a 2-minute walk away, and the Männlichen Cable Car can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
Truskavecs Train Station is about 20 km away.
A daily breakfast is served in the hotel's Courtyard Cafe.
Guests park for free.
Shopping is 3.8 km away at Place Fleur de Lys.
Guests have access to a shared kitchen and lounge.
Guests can enjoy a lunchtime meal at the restaurant after having a drink at the bar.
At this property guests will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
Private bathrooms have a bidet spray and shower facility.
Bao’an International Airport is a 30-minute car journey away.
The apartment is 1.4 km from Verona Arena.
Free private parking is also provided on site.
In-room dining is possible with room service.
Trabzon Airport is 5 km from the hotel. Trabzon Hagia Sophia Museum is 3.5 km away.
There is a ski pass sales point and ski equipment can be rented on site.
There is an outdoor dining area for guests to enjoy.
The Fitness King gym 800 metres from the hotel is available for guests to use free of charge.
The family-run hotel offers home-cooked meals in a dining room that overlooks the coast.
The Alpe di Suisi ski area is 6 km away.
The Hotel Seeblick offers rooms with views of the lake and the Chiemgau Alps.
Free-to-use BBQ facilities are also provided.
A continental breakfast with homemade jams and fresh bread is served at the B&B.
The property provides dual-line internet connection.
Vibo Valentia is a 45-minute drive from the property.
The rooms are equiped with satellite TV, balcony and air conditioning.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the property.
Other facilities at Pelagos Bungalow include an outdoor pool.
Sonnenhof Guest House is situated in Obdach, 41 km from Murau.
Budva Bus Station, with frequent links to Bečići, is 3 km away.
The Kołobrzeh Lighthouse is within 3.5 km.
Falcone-Borsellino Airport is 55 km away and Trapani is a 40-minute drive away.
The Northern Michigan University campus can be reached in 7 minutes’ drive. Ojibwa Casino is 12 miles away.
You can play darts at the hostel.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
Guests may also rent a bicycle or car to explore the vicinity.
Facilities at Hotel Condesa Alcudia include a restaurant, bar and terrace.
All rooms come with air conditioning facilities and some rooms also include a fan.
Set in Steamboat Springs, this apartment is 1.8 km from Steamboat Ski Resort.
The Miraflores district with its many bars and restaurants is a 15-minute drive away.
There are shops, bars and cafés nearby.
The apartment is a 10-minute drive from the picturesque Old Town.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
A breakfast buffet is available each morning at the Seeblick Engel.
Many dining options are available to satisfy everyone.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Rome Fiumicino Airport is 12 km away.
Drinks and snacks are served by the pool.
Some also have a garden view, a minibar and a dining area.
The middle of the city is a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
Guests can enjoy Thai and European cuisines served at Visit Restaurant.
Drinks can be enjoyed while relaxing at the terrace.
Gamla Stan and Slussen Metro Stations are 5 minutes’ walk away.
The property offers free parking for added convenience.
Bed linen and towels are provided for free.
A continental breakfast with waffles and bagels is served each morning.
It has a 24-hour café and provides Ayurveda massages on request.
A mini-fridge and microwave are also provided.
After going for a yoga session, relax at the sauna or steam room.
Domodedovo International Airport is 7 km from Nabat Palace Domodedovo.
This hotel is located in Batumi city centre, a 10-minute walk from the Black Sea Embankment.
Albertus Airport is 58 km away.
Bright and spacious, rooms at Hostal Memphis are decorated with tiled floors.
Freshly prepared, home cooked meals are served daily.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
A bakery serving breakfast can be found on the ground floor of the apartment building.
Mariinsky Theatre is a 3-minute walk away.
At Phanes B&B - B Building you will find a garden.
It features a tour desk and 24-hour reception.
The hotel also offers car hire.
Private parking is available on site.
The Gasparroni is surrounded by popular restaurants and shops.
Holiday home Bjørnøvænget Faaborg Denm is located in Faldsled.
Skiathos Airport is located 1.5 km from the property.
It is 2 km to Harlesiel Harbour which offers boat connections to the island of Wangerooge.
It is possible to order meals at an extra cost and there are also packed lunches available.
Most of the rooms at Schlosshotel Kassel include a balcony.
Charles Bridge is 1.4 km from Václavská Apartment, while Old Town Square is 1.4 km from the property.
The 3-star Saba Hotel is just a 20-minute Tube journey from Earl’s Court.
Guests may contact the hotel to arrange an airport shuttle.
Guests can enjoy hiking in the surrounding areas.
All of the private bathrooms are fitted with a bathtub.
Free private parking is possible at the Studios Manganas.
Some rooms have a spa bath.
The wellness centre includes a sauna, hot tub and Turkish bath.
Guests can enjoy free WiFi access.
A breakfast is served every morning in the dining room.
Bungalows are equipped with kitchen facilities and seating areas.
There is a restaurant with a terrace on site.
Free WiFi is available on site.
L'Angolo's modern rooms are air-conditioned and feature elegant furnishings.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player is featured.
Shared kitchen facilities and a garden are also offered.
Blankenberge can be reached within 15 minutes by car.
It features a Punjabi restaurant and free Wi-Fi.
Some bars and dining options can be found just steps away from the Apartment Strahinjića Ban.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing.
On each floor in the building, there is a kitchen with toast, cookies, and coffee and tea, all free of charge.
AccorHotels Arena is located 2.3 km from the property.
The youngest can enjoy themselves at Bajlandia, a children’s recreation area, accessible free of charge.
The rooms and suites offer air conditioning, a TV and balcony.
Lake Maggiore is a 40-minute drive away.
Guests can enjoy their refreshments and coffees by the pool.
Some rooms and the terrace offer panoramic views of the Umbrian Valley.
The Statue of Our Lady of Lebanon at Harissa is a 15-minute drive away.
You can book a session at the sauna or Turkish bath, or take a dip in the hot tub.
The hotel is 5 km from Devi’s Fall and 8 km from World Peace Pagoda.
All rooms are non-smoking.
Sarah Guest House is located in Chiang Mai.
The kitchen comes with an oven.
Breakfast is served each morning in BesteBakken’s dining room.
Offering a fitness centre, Green World Station Hotel is located in Taipei.
Shared bathroom facilities are located in the hallway.
A hot-spring bath can be reserved for private use, free of charge.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Free WiFi is available .
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Guests will find restaurants, bars and shops within 30 metres from the property.
The majority have a beautiful view of a classic Venetian canal.
A continental breakfast is served daily.
Free on-site parking and 2 boat berths are available.
Meals and light snacks can be prepared in the property's fully equipped common kitchen.
Room service is available 24/7.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a tour desk.
A variety of shops and restaurants can be found in the surrounding area.
Massages and beauty treatments are also on offer.
Guests can enjoy a variety of Constantia Valley wines at the property.
Tuapse is 6 km from Panorama, while Yuzhniy is 11 km from the property.
Restaurants, cafés and bars can be found in Limburg’s Old Town.
Bed linen is provided, and towels can be hired for a surcharge.
Free toiletries are provided in an en suite bathroom.
There is 24-hour front desk assistance and a handy currency exchange service.
A small garden is equipped with sun loungers, chairs and parasols.
Free use of bicycles is available at the property.
Other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
Guimarães is 41 km from Quinta de VillaSete.
All apartments are air conditioned and each has a 7 m2 balcony.
Every room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a TV.
Free parking is available on site.
Bicycle rental for a day is included in the price.
The nearest airport is Batumi International Airport, 5 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or a drink at the bar.
The hotel provides free breakfast.
Regional and local cuisines are served at the villa’s restaurant.
Located 6.7 km from Eden Island Marina, Armony Residence Holiday Apartment offers accommodation in Mahe.
This hotel offers comfortable guestrooms equipped with modern en suite facilities.
Ironing facilities are also available.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower and a bath.
The accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area.
Towels and bed linen are available in this holiday home.
Halberstadt Cathedral is a 5-minute drive away.
Views of the surrounding mountains can be enjoyed from the accommodation.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
The Oréon Hotel is 10 minutes from the town centre, at the crossroads of Bresse, Beaujolais and Burgundy.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the property.
Guests can enjoy the outdoor pool, restaurant and the water park.
There is a horse back riding school 300 metres from Villa Murva.
Free WiFi is featured .
The decor style varies in each of these privately-owned apartments.
The bedrooms all have their own bathroom with a hairdryer.
Knott's berry Farm and Soak City are 10 miles away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Half-board is available.
The U6 line travels to Munich city centre from here in just 20 minutes.
The Corona serves a generous breakfast buffet in the mornings.
The Olomouc-Nové Sady train station is 500 metres away.
This new hotel is located in the centre of Nuremberg, 600 metres from Nuremberg Main Station.
Extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The Blumenhof offers a varied breakfast buffet in the mornings.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Old Town Ulcinj is 250 metres away while Long beach can be reached within 5 km.
Al Massira Airport is located 11 km away.
Restaurants and bars are available within a 10-minute walk.
Guests can make use of barbecue facilities and request the daily delivery of freshly baked bread rolls to the holiday home.
Cyclists will enjoy the hotel's special itineraries.
Portorož Airport is located 7 km away.
Activities in the surrounding area include hiking.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Certain rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day. Some rooms include views of the mountains or city.
Moevenpick Bangtao Beach Penthouse Phuket is a 2-minute walk to Bangtao Beach.
A TV with cable channels, as well as a CD player are provided.
Alanya Castle is 5 km from Crystal Nova Apartment, while Damlatas Cave is 5 km away.
The nearest airport is Krakow - Balice Airport, 11 km from the property.
The surrounding Sierra de Béjar region is ideal for hiking, cycling and horse riding.
The nearest airport is Malaga Airport, 51 km from Hoyo 15.
The hotel is 15 minutes' drive from the Pittsburgh Zoo and Aquarium.
The bed and breakfast is a 15-minute drive from both Port Campbell and Peterborough.
San Teodoro is 13 km from Le Palme apartments.
Free bicycles are available as well.
Free WiFi access is available.
Guests can relax on the terrace, furnished with sun loungers and outdoor dining area.
The private bathroom comes with bath or shower.
Within 300 metres you can reach the regional bus stop.
Tea and coffee service is offered throughout the day.
All rooms are all equipped with complimentary toiletries.
The bathroom comes with free toiletries.
Bed linen and towels are provided, and a washing machine is available.
There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a dishwasher. An oven and microwave are also provided, as well as a kettle.
All rooms are equipped with a TV and a seating area.
Sidewalk Boutique Hotel offers bicycle rental and a shared lounge.
Sanibel Island is 10 miles away.
Guests enjoy special rates at a nearby beach.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the property.
Lake Trasimeno is 20 minutes' drive away.
The accommodation features a flat-screen TV.
The property offers free parking.
Each holiday home includes a seating area with a TV and a patio.
The menu includes fresh fruits and juices, plus regional homemade specialities.
The hotel restaurant, La Table de Burdigala, serves savory gourmet meals.
Situated on Waiheke Island, Frank's Place is just a 2-minute drive from Little Oneroa Beach.
Featuring a garden with BBQ and seasonal shared outdoor pool, Le Case di Lilli Pitti is located in Partinico.
Golfclub Ybrig can be reached by car in 20 minutes.
Guests can rent deck chairs on the beach or have meals at the restaurant there.
For convenience, the kitchen includes a dishwasher.
The resort also provides bicycle and car rentals, as well as laundry services.
It offers free Wi-Fi and free parking.
Guests can relax in the garden, complete with outdoor furniture.
Full Scottish breakfast is served each morning.
There is also an electric kettle.
There is a bathroom, and a hairdryer is available to rent.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 17 km from the apartment.
Partial sea views are available from the balcony.
The nearest airport is Orly Airport, 13 km from the property.
There is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit.
The inn provides ticketing service for guests in need. Other leisure facilities include a children's playground and a sun terrace.
Massages, beauty treatments, and a fitness room are also available.
The Sierra del Tigre Mountains are a 20-minute drive away.
The airport is just 15 minutes’ drive away.
You will find a 24-hour front desk, hairdresser's, and gift shop at the property.
Luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
Extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Guests can enjoy city view.
The hotel has a sun terrace and views of the city, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
Each accommodation includes a kitchen with a refrigerator, sink, stove and dishes.
Each apartment has a kitchenette and an LCD TV.
Guests can relax in the Mediterranean garden.
An American buffet breakfast is provided daily. It is served in a local restaurant in the square.
The apartment and room both have wrought iron beds.
Ghent's Vrijdagmarkt Square is 1 km from the accommodation and the Town Hall is a 10-minute walk away.
Guests are offered free pedalos and canoes for one hour per day.
Within 13 km, you can visit the seaside village of Sidari, while the scenic bay of Paliokastritsa is at 27 km.
The property is inserted in a complex with an outdoor swimming pool and lawn area.
Some units include a kitchenette with cooking hobs.
Riyadh Airport is a 40-minute away.
Sun loungers are offered at the swimming pool area.
The accommodation gives guests the option of bringing their own bedding or hiring it from the property.
All rooms at the Sabolini have satellite TV, minibar and private bathroom.
Most apartments have WiFi.
The holiday apartment is provided with a radio and a CD-player.
The Grão Vasco Museum and Viseu Cathedral are just a 2-minute walk away.
Hôtel Le Paris Brest is situated in the centre of Lens, directly opposite Lens Train Station.
Haus Nordstrand Vereinsallee 21 apartments feature brightly decorated interiors.
The accommodation is 10 minutes' drive from the A4 motorway and Orio Al Serio Airport.
Moxi Catholic Church is definitely worth a visit, which sat just around the corner within 1-minute walk from the hotel.
It offers spacious suites with free Wi-Fi access.
Each room in this property has heating, 1 double or 3 single beds, and a TV.
Sunne Ski Resort is 44 km away.
Hispania Hotel is 5 minutes’ drive from Palma de Mallorca Airport.
Some rooms overlook the lake and have an open-air bath.
Free parking is provided at the Madisonville Big Spring Inn.
Alushta is 40 km from Tavricheskaya Inn, while Hurzuf is 47 km away.
The apartment have a living/dinning room with TV, DVD player and terrace.
All rooms and apartments have wooden floors and a private bathroom.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation with free Wi-Fi and garden views.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and a dishwasher.
The on-site restaurant, the Delicate Palate, features a variety of seafood, meat and fine wine.
The pre-historic chamber tombs, Domus de Janas are 18 km away.
The shared bathroom includes a shower.
There is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit.
Certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
Taoyuan International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
Free parking is available on site at the Hotel Strengliner Mühle.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven in this air-conditioned unit.
Antalya’s lively city centre is a 1.5-hour drive from the hotel.
For meals, guests can enjoy delicious Szechuan cuisine at the hotel’s restaurant.
Guests have a 20% discount in both facilities.
Each room at this motel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen TV. You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Free WiFi access is available.
It offers an on-site restaurant, free WiFi, and free parking.
The kitchen area is complete with modern cooking facilities and a dining table.
The sites of San Diego city centre, including the San Diego Zoo, are also nearby.
Rijeka Airport is located 164 km away.
A breakfast buffet is served every morning.
Active guests can even make the most of the on-site fitness facilities.
Ski lift is 2 km away.
Laundry services and currency exchange are available.
The property is 35 km from the A1 Motorway and around a 1-hour drive from Naples.
Cicada Market Hua Hin is 2.7 km away.
Guests can cook at the fully equipped kitchen with a stove, toaster and coffee machine.
A fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette.
A continental buffet breakfast is served at the Manzoni.
Magellan is a villa with a balcony, located in Benissa. The unit is 25 km from Benidorm.
Rooms at Las Colonias are spacious and comfortable.
You can find a wide range of bars and restaurants within a 5-minute walk of Deco - Eixample Apartments.
Daily maid service is provided here.
A safe, TV and baby cots can also be hired.
Massa Carrara is 20 minutes’ drive away.
Free WiFi access is among the convenient amenities available at this Sayre, Oklahoma, hotel.
Carthage Airport is 61 km away.
You can enjoy a mountain view and a pool view from all the rooms.
Far Out offers canvas tents and concrete bungalows that open to a patio.
The Kurtheatre Bad Kissingen Theatre is an 8-minute walk away.
It is 3.7 km from Sule Pagoda and 11 km from Yangon International Airport.
Guests enjoy fresh flowers and freshly ground coffee.
Free private parking is available on site.
Nearest restaurant, bar and mini-market are all within a 50-metre radius from the Angela.
Toranomon Subway Station is a 5-minute walk away.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower, bidet and hairdryer.
The village of Loutra is 5 km away, while the town of Mytilene is at 13 km.
Suvarnabhumi Airport is located 90 km away.
The hotel houses an à-la-carte restaurant serving Bulgarian and European cuisine.
It features an outdoor swimming pool, accommodation with a balcony offering sea views.
They include a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a laptop safe box and a minibar.
The nearest airport is Samana El Catey International Airport, 19 km from the property.
Hacienda Alemana is just 850 metres from Puerto Vallarta’s Malecón seafront promenade.
With competitive rates, the hotel offers comfortable accommodation at great prices.
The reception works 24 hours a day.
Norman Manley International Airport can be reached in a 7-minute drive.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Each room comes complete with a TV and bathrobes.
Santa Vila Hospedagem features barbecue facilities.
The hotel is located 600 metres from Belo Horizonte bus station.
Situated in Tyumen, Аks Apartments offer free WiFi.
It can be enjoyed in your room or in the furnished garden.
The full-service bar offers mimosas and other specialty beverages.
All units feature a cable TV.
The city of Soria is a short drive away.
Private bathrooms feature a shower and a bathtub.
Breckenridge Ski Resort is less than 10 minutes’ drive away. Denver is 1 hour and 40 minutes’ drive from the property.
The rooms include a shared bathroom.
In summer, a barbecue evening is hosted once a week in case of good weather.
Excursions can be booked at the tour desk.
The on-site gym includes a sauna and hot tub.
The Ilfov river flows right next to the property.
The nearest beaches are 2 km from the property and a public parking is 600 metres away.
Piazza Navona and the Pantheon are 20 minutes away by metro.
Wi-Fi is available for free.
Aleaf Bangkok offers air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Every morning fresh bread rolls are delivered on request.
Views of the sea, mountain or lake are featured in certain rooms.
Complimentary hot and cold drinking water, as well as coffee, is provided.
Guests enjoy access to the complex’s pool with hot tub.
Equipped with free Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs, guest rooms are bright and have an elegant décor.
Balatonfüred is 5 km from Mandula Guest House, while Tihany is 9 km away.
Paradisul Acvatic is 3.2 km from Eden in centrul Brașovului, while Casino Vesuvius is 4.1 km from the property.
A bus stop with links to/from Torino is 400 metres away from Antiche Mura.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.
Pulkovo Airport is 23 km away.
It features free Wi-Fi and tea/coffee facilities.
Many units also have a balcony, and a breakfast buffet is on offer each morning.
The hotel has a total capacity of about 100 beds arranged in 22 single rooms, 24 double rooms and 4 apartments.
The kitchen includes a dishwasher, a microwave and a refrigerator.
Free WiFi access is available on site.
.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
Karlstad Airport is 40 km away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout the property.
Kitchens include an electric hob, toaster and kettle.
The shopping street of Corso Buenos Aires is 800 metres from the property.
Set in gardens, El Jócamo is a holiday home with 2 bedrooms.
The Baltic Sea is within 2 km, and the Dinosaur Park is 500 metres from the Małgorzata.
Free WiFi is provided.
The nearest airport is Tbilisi International Airport, 13 km from Apartment in Old Tbilisi.
The soundproofed guest rooms feature a living room and an LCD TV.
Wanxiang Hotel’s Hexianfang serves a variety of à la carte Chinese dishes.
At Yijing Holiday Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
The room overlooks the desert.
Toluca International Airport is 5 km from the hotel and free parking is available.
Other facilities like grocery deliveries are offered.
Green Theatre is 1 km from Hostel We, while Tayny Okeana Aquarium is 1.1 km from the property.
The adjacent complex features sea-water swimming pools.
The hotel provides laundry, currency exchange and airport shuttle services.
Pescara and Abruzzo Airport are less than a 30-minute drive away.
Free public parking is located nearby.
Each kitchenette is equipped with a fridge.
The accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Guarulhos International Airport is a 3-hour drive away.
There is also a shower with hairdryer and toiletries.
Free WiFi access is available.
Ironing facilities are included in each air-conditioned room, and a fridge and microwave are available upon request.
The air-conditioned rooms at the guesthouse are decorated in crisp white tones with colour accents.
Rooms include a TV.
Rosslare and its ferry port are 20 minutes’ drive away, and early breakfasts are available.
Bikes can be hired for exploring Florence’s historical centre.
You can enjoy mountain views from all rooms.
Room service is offered upon request.
Vourvourou is 25 km from Avaton Luxury Villas Resort.
It offers self-catered accommodation, a garden and a terrace with outdoor furniture.
The building comprises a lift.
They have with tiled floors and a food preparation area.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Free WiFi access is available.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
The accommodation features a hot tub.
Complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has a dining table.
Some units feature a terrace and/or balcony with sea views.
At Hotel Tulip guests will find a 24-hour front desk, a bar and massage facilities.
The property has ski storage space and free use of bicycles is available.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
The resort features a restaurant, free Wi-Fi and cosy rooms with a balcony.
The villa has 3 floors and is composed of 6 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms.
Evening meals can be enjoyed in partner restaurants.
City House Alisas has a café-restaurant open until late.
Extras include a seating area and satellite channels.
Monitored parking is available right in front of the hotel.
The property is 1.3 km from the Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood and 1.5 km from the Kazan Cathedral.
At San Miquel Villa you will find a garden and a terrace.
The property has a shared lounge area, as well as a garden and terrace.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 21 km from Mentor Holiday Hotel.
There is a restaurant a 15-minute walk from the property, as well as a grocery shop.
The units are composed of 2 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom.
Laundry and ironing service is offered for an extra charge.
Some rooms include views of the mountains or garden.
It operates a 24-hour front desk and offers complimentary WiFi access.
Corrientes city is 40 km away.
Guests can enjoy soaking in the private hot spring baths at a surcharge.
The property has babysitting services available, at an extra fee.
BVV Trade Fairs Brno can be reached in a 15-minute walk.
Some rooms offer a balcony with pool view.
The fully equipped kitchen features an oven, a microwave and a fridge.
There is a full kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator.
Some rooms have 2 separate bedrooms.
All cave-style rooms include traditional features such as arched ceilings.
Free toiletries are included in an en suite bathroom.
A free shuttle service to/from Pineto city centre and train station is provided.
Les Greens d’Eugène Golf Course is a 20-minute drive away and Pau is just under an hour’s drive from the property.
Chin Hua Holiday Home 5 offers free parking facilities for guests who drive.
Free public parking is available on site.
Free WiFi access is available.
Ampha Place is located in Koh Samui, a 3-minute drive from Mae Nam Beach.
Burgas Airport and the Railway Station are a 20-minute drive away.
From the terrace and restaurant, there are views over the village and towards Cavusin and Avanos.
Navegantes International Airport is 15 km from Apart Hotel Castelan.
Phu Bai International Airport can be reached with a 20-minute drive.
Free parking can be found nearby.
The nearest airport is Julius Nyerere International Airport, 20 km from the property.
Set on the banks of Lake Laux, this hotel residence is 15 km from the Val Troncea Natural Park.
You can enjoy city view.
Chapel Apartments Dunedin is located less than 5 minutes’ walk from the city’s entertainment district, The Octagon.
Centre of Świnoujście lies 500 metres away.
Jan Becher Museum is 1 km away from the property.
The private bathroom is complete with a bath or shower.
Beaches on Badija Island is 4.1 km away.
It can also be eaten in the room.
The beach is 100m located from the property.
Parking in a private garage is provided at Lake Havasu City Jamaican Palms.
Treviso Airport is 144 km away.
A sweet and savoury breakfast including cold cuts and cheese is served daily.
Each room is equipped with a wardrobe, a TV and has a comfortable seating area.
Bathrooms and toilets are shared with other guests.
Free WiFi access is available.
A supermarket and a restaurant are reachable within a 2-minute walk.
Some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Each one has an LCD TV with satellite channels and a DVD player.
All apartments offer WiFi access and some also include a private balcony.
Some units feature a terrace and/or balcony with mountain views.
A typical Italian breakfast is offered every morning.
Extras include a fan.
The unit is equipped with a kitchen.
Items include a station where guests can make their own waffles.
Some selected room has a fridge and a seating area.
Free private parking is available on site.
The private bathroom comes with bathrobe, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The hotel has 22 comfortable simple and double rooms.
It offers elegant rooms, excellent cuisine and leisure facilities.
There is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
It features a garden and a terrace with panoramic sea views.
The accommodation surrounds an interior patio with a pool and a large terrace.
The Vatican City is a 15-minute walk away.
Invermere is 28 km away.
It has free Wi-Fi and a swimming pool.
Olympic Stadium is 5 km from Hostel by Metro Dmitrovskaya, while Yeliseyevsky Shop is 6 km away.
Set in Tbilisi City, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi.
It offers rooms with a patio with mountain views.
The property offers air-conditioned accommodation and free WiFi throughout.
Breakfast is served in the glass-roofed conservatory.
Coffee and cocktails are served by the trendy bar at Mythos Café or on the large sun terrace.
The place where the famous National Fair is held is also just moments away.
The property offers free parking.
Its air-conditioned accommodation comes with a private balcony overlooking the surrounding mountains.
Every morning guests can enjoy a sweet breakfast.
Additional features include free private parking.
Adler-Sochi International Airport is 3 km from the property.
En suite bathrooms accompany towels and a shower.
Packed lunches can be requested.
Casa Del Mare is 700 metres from Cala Nave Beach.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels.
The apartment is 700 metres from State Russian Museum.
There is also a bar on site with a variety of hot and cold beverages.
Offering a restaurant, Hotel-Renner is located in Buchbach.
They offer self-catered accommodation with a view to the Aegean Sea.
Located on Alcalá de Henares, this guest house is 10 minutes’ walk from the historic centre.
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is 11 km from the property.
The property offers car rental, as well as organizes airport shuttle services at an extra charge.
Rooms enjoy rustic décor and the same lovely views.
The property is 23 km from Peñíscola and boasts views of the sea.
The Real de Faula Golf Club is within a short drive.
The property offers free parking.
The hotel has a gift shop and a tour desk.
Visit the Gold Country for a great trip to Grass Valley.
Bedrooms have parquet floors and the kitchen floors are tiled.
Daily breakfast service is offered.
Gresham's School is less than 5 minutes' walk from the bed and breakfast.
Business travelers will appreciate access to fax and copy machines.
Some apartments boast a private terrace with outdoor furniture.
Towels are featured.
The motel also offers a guest laundry and meeting facilities.
Meeting and banquet facilities are provided.
A balcony is provided.
Guests are 15-minute walk from the Municipal Stadium.
The local bus stop is about 200 metres away from the Ana Rooms.
A bus stop is located directly opposite the hotel, offering connections to Astrakhan city centre.
Nearby attractions: Monaco, chateau des Grimaldis.
The town of Makarska is 12 km from the hotel, while Split is at a distance of 50 km.
The hotel also has a 24-hour convenience store.
The apartment is 2.2 km from Cacao Beach.
The Lobby Lounge offers drinks in a casual yet professional setting.
Located in Petrčane, Apartment Mara offers a heated outdoor pool.
The property also features BBQ facilities and a picnic area.
Condo-Boutique also includes a hot tub.
There is free on-site parking and a 24-hour reception at this Premier Inn.
It features a restaurant serving Swiss specialities.
San Bernardino International Airport is 15 minutes away by car.
En suite bathrooms have free toiletries and shower facilities.
All rooms at Veselka come with simple layout and a kettle.
For younger guests, there is a playground and a pool section with slides.
The centre of Innsbruck can be reached by tram line 3, which stops 200 metres away.
Galeao International Airport is located 18 km away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Pereslavl-Zalesskiy is 9 km from the property.
The Underwater Observatory Marine Park is a 10-minute taxi-ride away.
This studio apartment consists of a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom.
Rooms have simple modern furnishings and resin floors.
New Smyrna Beach city centre is just 8 minutes’ drive from Best Western Edgewater Inn.
In addition, the apartments feature a well-equipped kitchen and a living area.
Additionally, the apartments also come with a well-equipped kitchen or kitchenette.
Other facilities at Cantavil Hoan Cau include a shared lounge.
Morro de São Paulo’s zipline attraction is 2 km away.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Maastricht-Aachen Airport is 5 km away from the hotel.
A shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee.
The nearest restaurants are in 2 km. and the nearest shops are in 1 km.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with a seating area.
Brussels and Bruges are a 30-minute train ride away.
It is a 40-minute drive from Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport.
A well-equipped kitchen means that you can prepare your meal inside.
Guests also have access to a common kitchen, and shared bathroom facilities with showers.
It operates a 24-hour front desk and provides free parking spaces on site.
The bridal suite is designed in red and pink colours.
A bus taking you around Recoaro Terme is available during summer .
Parking is free at the property.
The bathroom comes with a bathtub, hairdryer and free toiletries.
The property is 2 km from Vezio Castleand a 10-minute drive from Bellano.
This guest house has a ski pass sales point and bike hire is available.
The hotel also offers a 24-hour reception.
The air-conditioned unit is 7 km from Castle of Limassol.
Al fresco dining is available in warmer seasons.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a toaster and fridge.
The hostel’s lounge includes a flat-screen TV and sofas.
The guest house is located only a 4-minute walk from a boating lake.
Bathrobes and slippers are provided in the bathrooms.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Featuring a spa and wellness centre, Eden Hotel offers rooms on the beachfront of the famous Waecicu Beach.
Other restaurants, bars and cafes can also be found within a few steps from the property.
Staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage.
The property offers free parking.
Children can enjoy swings and a trampoline.
Bonaventure Island Ferry is 10 minutes’ walk away.
Free public parking is available at Courtyard Ocala.
At Penzion Dubina, a garden with barbecue facilities, a bar and a shared kitchen are at the guests’ disposal.
The nearest airport is Trapani Airport, 13 km from Appartamento Limoni.
Maraveja’s rooms have a warm atmosphere and are fitted with country-style furnishings.
Each room here is air conditioned and will provide you with a flat-screen TV .
All rooms include a flat-screen TV.
Central heating is available, as well as a washing machine.
Bude and North Cornwall Golf Course is less than 2 miles away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers.
Villa Le Matin is located in Konstancin-Jeziorna, 20 km from the centre of Warsaw.
A rich buffet breakfast is available every day.
Golf and Land Cologne golf course is a 10-minute drive away.
Room has either shared or en suite bathroom facilities.
Towels and bed linen are available at Apartment Teuta.
The property offers free parking.
Khushboo restaurant serves Indian, Continental and Chinese fare.
Featuring free Wi-Fi in all areas, the hotel is surrounded with shopping and business areas.
On-site car parking is provided.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 10-minute walk of the guest house.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, Slovenska Beach is 5.4 km away and Sveti Stefan is 9.3 km away.
Guests can enjoy free tea, coffee and a city view.
The poolside bar offers cold drinks and light snacks.
Take advantage of the ample luggage storage space, and 24-hour service at the reception desk.
AMS Hotel rooms are tastefully decorated and feature floor-to-ceiling windows.
Guests can also indulge in a pampering massage at the spa.
Raja Bhoj Domestic Airport is 11 km away.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Ehlam Aparts offers car rental service.
Frias Properties of Aspen offers 9 holiday homes in Aspen.
Popular activities in the surrounding area include hiking and cycling.
Either shared or private bathroom facilities are included.
At Uenohirokoji R&B Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Pasaulio kraštas has a children's playground with a sandbox and a trampoline.
Stomio Beach is 2 km from Hotel Limenari. Within 17 km, guests can visit the seaside town of Kyparissia.
A continental breakfast is available each morning if requested 1 day in advance.
A 24-hour fitness centre offering concierge and yoga services is offered at the hotel.
The attached bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
A private bathroom includes a shower and toilet.
The house offers a large garden including garden furniture.
Guests can dine at a restaurant on site.
A full kitchen comprises of an oven, a fridge, a dishwasher and a dining area.
Additionally, apartments have a kitchen and a living room.
It is also easily accessible by the ring road.
Free private parking is available on site.
Children up to 14 years of age receive a 50% discount on food and beverages.
Babana Hotel offers contemporary accommodation overlooking the Aegean Sea in Golturkbuku.
You can cook out in the garden while your children play a game of table tennis.
All the apartments have a bright atmosphere.
Bergamo Train Station is a 10-minute drive from the property.
Guests can enjoy Moroccan cuisine in the dining area.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
The private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
Each comes with cable TV and wardrobe.
Overlooking the garden, rooms come with unique wooden interiors and modern décor.
WiFi and parking are both free at the property.
Certain units feature a seating area where you can relax.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The Detelina has a restaurant serving Bulgarian and international dishes accompanied by local wines.
Amenities include air conditioning, free Wi-Fi, and a flat-screen TV with a DVD player.
It features a garden, terrace with hammocks and free Wi-Fi throughout.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and a hairdryer.
The accommodation is provided with a TV, a terrace and a dining table.
Other facilities available at the property include tennis courts and jet skis.
Dinners with traditional, Moroccan dishes are also available upon prior reservation.
Milas-Bodrum Airport is 40 km away.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave.
The main square is a 2-minute drive.
Santana do Livramento Golf Club is 5 km from Cave 12.
The hotel is a good base for exploring the surrounding Siegerland countryside.
You can play tennis nearby, and the area is popular for hiking.
At Hotel Casita Española you will find a garden.
The nearest airport is Gelendzhik Airport, 48 km from the property.
Certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Massages will be provided on request.
The Panzió Pergola also offers an opportunity to organise shuttle service upon request.
Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday park.
Agrigento is 18 km from the Noceto.
Rome Fiumicino Airport is 22 km away.
Each functional air-conditioned apartment has garden views and a fully equipped kitchen.
All rooms at Xenophon Hotel come with simple wooden furnishings.
Hostel Örebro City has an on-site children’s playground.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The kitchen features a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a kettle.
The air-conditioned unit is 1.5 km from La Scala.
Car rental is offered for those who wish to explore the area on their own.
Holiday home Egevænget Rudkøbing II is located in Tranekær.
Madrid Restaurant serves guests traditional Sichuan and Yangzhou meals.
Some units include a fireplace.
Zagreb Airport is located 16 km away.
This property offers free parking.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Apartment Divny.
A hairdresser and a beauty salon can be found on site as well.
The cottage is surrounded by woodland and is only 1 mile from the beach.
The garden awaits guests with barbecue facilities.
Meals are served in the dining room or on the covered terrace, which is heated in winter.
For dining out, a wide variety of restaurant options are within a 10-minute walk.
Each air conditioned room comes with a flat-screen TV, a desk and a safety deposit box.
The bathroom is shared.
Other facilities include electric heating and underfloor heating in the bathrooms.
Apartment Murcia also includes a barbecue.
A breakfast is provided each morning at Les Myositis.
The shuttle stop to the beach is just 200 metres away.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Clock Tower, as well as Poros Town Centre are at a distance of 1 km.
The area is popular for skiing and cycling.
All of its rooms have balconies with views of the sea and olive groves.
A washing machine and an iron are included.
Guests can discover the regional cuisine and area.
A children playground is available on site.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Edens Sea View Restaurant serves Indian, Continental and Italian cuisines.
The private bathrooms come with a shower or bath.
Boudewijn Sea Park is just over a 10-minute car journey away.
Toulon is 47 km from Villa Valdor.
The Pirineos is surrounded by shops.
Free airport shuttle service is provided upon request.
Take advantage of the on-site fitness facilities or relax after a long day in the outdoor pool.
Ptolemaida Town is 24 km away.
The nearest airport is Manila International Airport, 7 km from All At Jazz.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The Foundation of Islamic is just across the road.
Meanwhile many other restaurants can be found within walking distance.
There also is a designated barbecue area on site.
All air-conditioned apartments are equipped with a TV, a kitchen with a microwave and a living room.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
Escape Theme Park is a 40-minute drive away.
Ozerkovskaya Naberezhnaya is a 5-minute walk from the property.
Holiday home Lyngvej Fanø V is located in Fanø Vesterhavsbad.
A supermarket can be found 250 metres away and the centre of Körmend is 1 km away.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
The nearest airport is Rome Ciampino Airport, 14 km from Campitelli Apartment.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
For drinks and meals, guests can enjoy the hotel’s coffee shop, bar and restaurant.
Guests benefit from a terrace and free Wi-Fi.
Lotus restaurant serves a fine selection of Thai dishes.
The area is popular for cycling.
It offers a Finnish sauna, steam baths and massage treatments.
The shops of Corso Gelone are a 2-minute walk from Campi Elisi.
Guests can have breakfast at the on-site restaurant.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
Split Airport is 20 km away.
The dining room for the buffet breakfast is open from 07:00 to 10:00.
Every room is equipped with a shared bathroom fitted with a shower.
The nearest bus stop is a 3-minute walk from the property.
Guests will be just 180 metres from Adventure Island amusement park.
Some rooms have a seating area.
A washing machine, oven and microwave are included in the kitchen.
Airport shuttle services are available at a charge.
Breakfast is provided daily and can be taken on the terrace with a garden view.
The Botanical Garden is just 400 metres away, whilst the Avis Dam Reservoir is 4 km away.
Parking is also offered free of charge.
Each villa has 1 main double bedroom and 1 smaller twin bedroom.
There is a dining area and a kitchen.
The property is located near Plage le Rigolet, Véloroute des Bleuets and Véloroute Verte.
It is a 5-minute walk from Monte-Carlo’s Casino and a 10-minute walk from the beach.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Los Juncos Apart is a self-catering accommodation located just 200 metres from the beach in Puerto Madryn.
Certain rooms include views of the sea or pool.
This lodge also features a lively games room and a library.
Within the premises of Arokaria, there is also a cave with fossils and waterfall to visit.
Restaurants, bars and shops are within a 3-minute walk.
The property offers free parking.
Situated in Kobuleti, this apartment features a balcony and a garden.
It offers free Wi-Fi and free parking.
The nearest airport is Chania International Airport, 38 km from Ariadni Click&Flat Perivolia.
The property offers free parking.
Alicante Airport is 1 hour away by car.
Marrakech-Menara Airport is ideally located a 30-minute drive away.
Beja is 22 km from Ranch do Novo Mundo, while Monsaraz is 50 km away.
A free newspaper is delivered to guest rooms every day.
Some rooms include a view of the Tatra Mountains.
Les Halles Shopping Centre is 1.4 km away.
A breakfast is offered every morning.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
Free breakfast is served at the restaurant, while other meals may also provided at an extra charge.
The Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport is 85 km away.
A taylor-made breakfast, that needs to be confirmed beforehand, is provided.
Offering a la carte restaurant, Hotel Perama is located in Bandırma. Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The property offers free parking.
The centrally located hotel is just 900 metres from Cologne Cathedral.
The nearest airport is Adisucipto Airport, 9 km from Hoz Bed & Breakfast.
Select rooms feature a kitchenette.
You will find a kettle and a fridge in the room.
Guests can enjoy a garden view.
Larnaca Airport is 35 km away, while the city of Limassol is at 30 km.
The nearest airport is Roshchino International Airport, 9 km from Hostel Mors.
There is also a dining area and a kitchenette fitted with a fridge, a stovetop, and a minibar.
Other facilities at Prime Rose include a terrace.
You will find restaurants, shops and banks within 5 minutes ́ walk.
Free WiFi access, housekeeping service and laundry facilities are available.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
This property offers free Wi-Fi and produces its own olive oil and wine.
At Noclegi u Matyldy you will find a shared kitchen futted with a stove, a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
Vending machines for drinks and snacks can also be found in the lobby.
The on-site restaurant serves a spread of Indonesian and Western delights.
A dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen.
Within 1 km shops and restaurants can be found.
Coin-operated laundry machines are provided, and dry cleaning is available.
There is a drinks vending machine on site.
The en suite bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Guests can take a shower in the private bathroom.
A microwave and refrigerator are provided, and in-room ironing facilities are offered.
Vnukovo International Airport is 23 km from the property.
A grocery shop is 100 metres away, while a shopping centre can be found at a distance of 1.5 km.
Some rooms have a fully equipped kitchen.
Free private parking is available on site.
Other activities in the area include mountain sports, tennis and horse riding.
Private parking can be found on site.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwashwer, oven, microwave, and coffee machine.
All rooms at Icefiord Hotel feature views of Disko Bay and its icebergs.
Some of the Riads are also equipped with outdoor plunge pools.
Opera Vieille-Ville tram stop is a 5-minute walk away.
Drinks can be enjoyed at The Cellar Bar or the penthouse Top Of The Century piano bar.
The bathrooms have a bath or shower and toilet.
The scenic Apollonia Town is 8 km away and Artemonas Village is at distance of 9 km.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests are granted unlimited access to the spa and fitness centre.
All rooms have a shared bathroom with a shower, while a common lounge is at guests' disposal.
The Makai Hale offers snacks and lunch adjacent to the main pool.
You can walk to Liceu, Catalunya or Jaume I Metro Stations in less than 5 minutes’ walk.
Bike, ski and snowboard rentals are available on-site at Charter Sports.
Costa Navarino is 24 km from the property.
Memorial Park is within 3 km of the property, while the Museum District is 6.9 km away.
Gävle Castle is 900 metres from Villastadens Pendlarbostad, while Railroad Museum is 2.5 km away.
Guests can swim or go snorkeling.
Šipun Cave is at a distance of 800 metres.
Cark Beach, a 5-minute drive away, is ideal for windsurfing.
Views of the mountain, garden or city are featured in certain rooms.
Bicycle rental and car hire services are available.
The Longwood Country Inn Restaurant, located on site, serves American and European cuisine.
A delivery service from the bakery is available on request.
A 24-hour front desk is available.
There you can visit the UNESCO-protected Euphrasian Basilica.
Alba is a 20-minute drive away.
The Jardin des Plantes and the Natural History Museum are 1 km away.
The balcony offers pool views.
Parking is free on site.
Pulkovo International Airport is 19.5 km away.
The nearest airport is Riga International Airport, 22 km from Silmali.
The simply furnished rooms feature a TV and electric blankets.
Le Petit Chalet also offers free parking.
Its rooftop sun terrace offers excellent views over the town to Morocco.
There is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
The hotel is 600 metres from Santa Catalina Arch.
Tea Hills Bungalow is located in Hatton.
Additional dining options are within walking distance of the motel.
Sightseeing arrangements and free Wi-Fi access are provided. Guests who drive enjoy free private parking.
A storage room for ski equipment is available.
Sheremetyevo International Airport is 24 km away.
Regional dishes and pizza are served at Penzion Portus’ restaurant.
Guests can cook in the shared kitchen featuring a TV. You will find an Xbox 360 in the property's lounge.
Frankfurt Airport is located 64 km away.
With its own sauna and hot tub, it is an ideal base for relaxing holiday retreats.
Daily maid services are available at Gatlinburg Inn.
The rustic Baker Creek Bistro serves regional cuisine including bison shortribs.
There is free shuttle service and shops at the property.
Ski equipment can be left in a separate storage room including a ski-boot dryer.
Fax and photocopying services are provided.
At Hotel Oro Verde & Suites you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Apartamentos Nonna Sophia is a self-catering accommodation located in Praia do Rosa. Free WiFi access is available.
The chalet offers free private parking on-site
It is next to a ski bus stop and offers apartments with a washing machine and balcony.
The adjoining Sun-Set Bar serves a variety of locally-inspired cocktails.
The relais is 8 km from the town of Capolona and a 20-minute drive from the exit of the A1 motorway.
Various trips can be arranged in the Dubrovnik area, as well as the airport shuttle to and from the Dubrovnik Airport.
At Pousada Sempre Viva you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Panoramic views of the nearby mountains and river are offered.
In addition, they feature a living area and a bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
The city centre can be reached by a tram and it is about 4 km away.
Other facilities offered include meeting facilities and a laundry.
Guests can choose between the beach and the outdoor pool. The pool has sun loungers and offers views of the beach.
Each one is softly lit and decorated in warm colours.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
The air-conditioned rooms are spacious and feature a simple décor.
Set in Pushchino in the Moscow region Region, this detached holiday home features a garden with a barbecue.
A double bed is located on the mezzanine.
This Rodeway Inn Portland hotel is completely non-smoking.
Other options can be reached within 900 metres.
Rocha is 26 km from Fabricio, while José Ignacio is 48 km from the property.
Cesenatico is 24 km away.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV, a terrace and a DVD player.
The three bedroom apartment has a maid's room with separate bathroom.
The nearest airport is Anapa Airport, 55 km from the property.
Ipolytarnóc National Park is reachable in 13 km, while Salgo Castle is 28 km away.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Dow Gardens is 3 miles from the hotel.
Lake Johnson Park is 12 minutes' drive from the motel.
In addition, they also feature a balcony and a seating area with a sofa.
Football and volleyball can be played in the garden.
The unit is equipped with a kitchen.
The accommodation will provide you with a satellite-TV, DVD-player, a CD-player and air conditioning.
The bathroom is fitted with a hairdryer and a shower and a washing machine is at guests’ disposal.
Free private parking is available on site.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom. A TV is offered.
Free WiFi access is available.
Guests at Villa Delle Palme can enjoy a sweet breakfast buffet.
Luoyang Airport is 13 km away.
Free parking is possible on-site.
Each room has a TV. Certain units include a seating area where you can relax.
Extras include towels and linen.
It also features a large sun deck fitted with sun loungers and an outdoor shower.
All units have a TV. Some units include a dining area and/or balcony.
The bathrooms are either private or shared.
Middelburg is 13 km away.
Fertilia Airport is 76 km away.
The nearest airport is Delhi International Airport, 19 km from Meditation Palace.
There is access to a shared bathroom.
Evergreen Bungalows offers beachfront accommodation in Bwejuu.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
A stove, a fridge and barbecue facilities are also provided.
The nearest airport is Rostov on Don Airport, 14 km from Hostel Malinovskii.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
It provides a garden, free private parking. Free WiFi is featured .
It offers a restaurant, bar, beer garden and free parking.
Altos de la Costa offers massage treatments, available for an extra fee.
New Moon Villa provides free parking on site.
The popular resort of Sveti Stefan is within 5 km from the apartments.
The property has a landscaped garden and a fenced garden with garden furniture.
A shopping centre is 3 km from Dohány udvar.
The property offers free parking.
There is a cash machine at the property.
A Russian steam bath and sauna are featured at the SPAdessa Hotel.
Apartment Ocean Front Cancun also includes a spa centre and offers massage treatments.
The property is a 10-minute walk from the beach.
Each comes with a kitchenette and a private bathroom.
A tennis court and a sauna are 100 metres from the Somló.
This private 3-bedroom villa features living and dining areas and 2 bathrooms.
Guests can also enjoy the gardens on the property and a gift shop.
It also offers a sauna and a hot tub.
You can enjoy a sea and dune view from the home.
Noi Bai International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
The apartment is 800 metres from Ustka Promenade.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is located 18 km away.
There is a living room with TV equipped with cable channels and a DVD player.
Tammisaari Station is 900 metres away.
Guests are also welcome to use the on-site barbecue facilities in the summer months.
The attached bathroom comes with hot shower facilities and a hairdryer.
The hotel offers free WiFi access in all rooms.
It features an outdoor swimming pool in its beautiful one-hectare park.
At Finca en Anapoima you will find a terrace and a shared lounge.
The pubs and restaurants of the Ottensen district are also nearby.
The air conditioned apartment will provide you with a flat-screen TV, safety deposit box and a seating area.
The rooms will provide you with a TV.
It offers self-catering accommodation featuring free WiFi and a terrace.
The house features hand built classical furniture.
The kitchen on site provides an oven and a refrigerator.
Liangjiang International Airport is about 2.5 hours' drive away.
Certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
A flat-screen TV is available.
The on-site restaurant at San Juan Park serves international-style dishes.
Residence Villa Lidia is located 150 metres from Riccione Beach.
For your convenience, the reception is occupied 24 hours a day.
Free on-site parking is provided.
Some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience. A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
The hotel is a 15-minute drive from Changsha Train Station.
Seasonal Japanese multi-course meals are available for dinner.
Six Flags Over Texas amusement park is within 10 minutes’ drive of the motel.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher.
Parking and Wi-Fi are both free.
The guests can also visit the Curaçao Sea Aquarium just 300 metres away.
Mercado Modelo is 5 km from Apartamento Milan, while Malecon is 6 km from the property.
When ready to go out, ask the tour desk for advice.
The kitchen includes an oven and washing machine.
The hotel is an ideal base for hiking tours.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Guests have easy access to the Mecca and Amman Malls, a 5-minute drive away from Grand Stay.
Shopping and dining on Daytona's Main Street are just 14 minutes' drive away.
At Riad Magda & Spa you will find a spa and wellness centre and a restaurant.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
It features free WiFi throughout.
Guests enjoy an Italian-style breakfast daily, which is prepared as a buffet in the communal kitchen.
On the ground floor you will find the TV and games room, the lounge and a bar that is open 24-hours a day.
Featuring a cosy fireplace, and a modern design, the villa comes with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a vending machine. The property offers free parking.
For your comfort, you will find bath robes and free toiletries.
The guesthouse offers free Wi-Fi.
Bars, restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km from the property.
Free WiFi and free private parking are provided. Guests can also use shared kitchen facilities.
A summer outdoor pool and bike hire are provided for free.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven. A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is featured.
Set in Rome, this apartment features free WiFi.
The hotel is a 10-minute walk from Yasukuni Shrine and a 20-minute walk from the Imperial Palace.
The accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
The garden has sun loungers by the pool.
It offers self-contained accommodation with a private patio and lovely mountain views.
Staff offer free transfer to the beach.
The kitchenette comes with a microwave and a refrigerator.
The nearest airport is Salt Lake City International Airport, 43 km from the property.
Pulkovo Airport is 17 km away.
Free WiFi access is available.
Buses and trams are just 200 metres away.
It offers rooms with satellite TV and a private bathroom.
The hotel also offers car hire.
It is located 1 km from the town centre and the bus station.
Other facilities offered at the property include a games room, a tour desk and luggage storage.
The apartments feature a TV and a fully equipped kitchen.
Sunset Complex is located in Kosharitsa, 6 km from Sunny Beach.
The centre of Byala is 500 metres away and a bus stop is 700 metres away.
Each one has a kitchenette with a hob.
The guest house features a terrace, and there is free WiFi access in the lobby and on the balcony.
Certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
The apartment is fitted with parquet flooring and modern furniture.
Towels, slippers and linen are provided.
Guests benefit from terrace and an outdoor pool.
Camilo Daza International Airport is 20 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
The property offers free parking.
They all offer a balcony with garden, pool or sea views.
The accommodation offers rustic yet elegant rooms with a continental breakfast each morning.
Pousada Porto Canal is conveniently located for guests to enjoy water sports.
Breakfast and dinner are served on the sun terrace in fine weather.
Phuket International Airport is 35 km away.
Free WiFi access is available.
It includes freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino, sweet pastries and home-made cakes.
The Vaclav Havel Prague Airport is located 12 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers.
Pernoca Hotel comprises a bar and a shared lounge.
Tiscornia Park and the Curious Kids' Museum are 14 miles away.
Spacious parking is available and can accommodate boats, jet skis and snowmobiles.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven, and gas hobs.
Restaurants, bars and shops can be found a 15-minute drive away.
The private bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Guests are invited to have breakfast in the veranda whilst enjoying the views of the garden.
Irkutsk International Airport is 3 km from the property.
All rooms are heated, and have a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
Room service is available for in-room dining comforts.
The tour includes access to the cloisters, Roman Wall, and the refectory.
Guests can enjoy quiet reading at the library.
It provides a communal guest kitchen and laundry room for guests.
Apartment Sammartini is located in Milan, 700 metres from the train station.
The beauty of Bali can be explored with the car rental or area shuttles offered.
You can taste Mediterranean, Turkish and international cuisines at the hotel’s restaurants.
A TV is offered.
Wasaga Beach is 15 minutes’ drive away.
The property offers a partly covered terrace and can accommodate up to 10 persons.
The guest house is 1.1 km from São Francisco de Assis Church and 6.9 km from Bus Station.
Centre point is just a 5-minute drive away.
A complimentary shuttle service is available in the winter.
Free WiFi access is available.
Guests can laze around the pool or work up a sweat at the fitness centre.
Azerbaijani and European dishes are served in the outdoor restaurant.
It features an indoor heated pool, spa and 4 dining options.
The Bauhaus Foundation Museum is a 7-minute walk away.
You can enjoy a mountain view from the room.
A shuttle to the airport can be arranged upon request.
The nearest golf course is a 4-minute drive from the unit.
Vending machines and a 24-hour reception are offered for added convenience.
Hotel wellness facilities include massages, baths, saunas and hot tubs.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Vouliagmeni Suites lies 20 km from the city centre of Athens with all the main attractions.
The property offers free parking.
Each room has a private bathroom with a bathtub or shower.
It offers rooms with a TV, minibar and a seating area.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Cathedral Basilica of Cefalù is a 15-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Chiang Mai International Airport, 4 km from Yellow Pillow.
Rooms provide safety deposit boxes along with desks and seating areas.
Activities nearby include kite boarding and swimming.
Reception is open 24 hours a day and offers free daily newspapers.
Barajas Airport can be reached in 45 minutes, by bus or Metro.
Its en suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
The rooms are elegantly decorated with modern wooden furniture.
All studios and apartments feature an automatic ventilation system for a constant supply of fresh air.
The accommodation will provide you with a tv and satellite channels.
The property also offers grocery delivery and packed lunches.
The property has a 24-hour reception.
Extra with a desk and a coffee machine.
The nearest grocery store is 50 metres away.
Shops and restaurants can be found 2 km from the accommodation.
Free cosmetics and a hairdryer are available in the bathroom.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Room service is also available upon request.
Gustavo Díaz Ordaz International Airport is only 3 minutes’ drive away.
All rooms feature spacious balconies.
BBQ facilities are located on-site.
The property features views of the mountains is 49 km from Playa de Palma.
Black Jack's Crossing Golf Course is 25 minutes' drive from the property.
Guests have access to the public lounge, kitchen and dining room.
Offering a restaurant, Hotel na Trakte is located in Yekaterinburg.
Guests can enjoy mini-golf and tennis nearby.
The Brolga Theatre is situated only 400 metres from McNevins Maryborough Motel.
It has renovated air-conditioned interiors, while its restaurant serves authentic Istrian specialities and offers cooking lessons.
All rooms include a private bathroom with a shower.
The air-conditioned Romantic studios are simply furnished and enjoy mountain views.
There is an open plan kitchenette with a dining area, a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Shops and restaurants can be found within 600 m. The waterfront is 1.4 km away.
The rooms at the Toranda feature colourful, rustic décor.
Guests can sit in the garden and enjoy morning coffee.
A range of drinks is provided at the bar.
Eskifjordur’s geothermal outdoor swimming pool is within 15 minutes’ drive.
Some rooms include a fireplace.
The property provides free parking.
There is also a tennis court, and guests receive discounts on green fees at the golf course.
Free internet access is also available at the hotel's internet point in the lobby.
Other facilities at Holiday Home M&N include a barbecue.
Several buses stop close to the apartments.
Guests enjoy use of a shared kitchen.
Klára Villa Apartman offers shuttle services.
Hotel Sweet Home provides accommodation just 100 metres from Termini Train Station.
Alghero Airport is 14 km from the property, while Stintino can be reached in a 1-hour drive.
The village has several restaurants, bars and boutiques, as well a supermarket.
Rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
Hop onboard the Halong Poseidon Sail, a luxury cruise in Halong Bay, which departs from Bai Chay Wharf.
A shuttle or helicopter service to the airports can be arranged by the hotel team as well.
A TV is offered.
Traditional cuisine can be sampled in La Quietat’s on-site restaurant.
They come with air conditioning and an LCD TV with satellite channels.
Villa del Balbianello can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
Free WiFi is available throughout and there is free on-site parking.
The Bavarian Bar and Restaurant serves a wide range of meals with Bavarian beers on tap.
The Heydar Aliyev Sergi Sarayi Exhibition is 4 km away from Hotel Qafqaz Point.
Snacks and refreshments are available at the Lobby Lounge.
It consists of 3 bedrooms, a bathroom, living room and kitchen.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation.
The Palace of Queen Maria can be reached within 16 km. Varna Airport is located 23 km away.
Most come with a TV.
Each room is equipped with a TV, seating area and a wardrobe.
Hotel Miami is within 500 metres of Naif Souq and Deira Gold Souq.
St Michael's Mount is just 22 miles away.
All of them comprise a private bathroom fitted with a bathtub or a shower, as well as a hairdryer.
Free parking is possible at a location nearby.
The rooms at the Ambassadeur are equipped with ensuite facilities, a flat-screen TV and a telephone.
A disc golf course is located right opposite Kullasmarina Villas.
Rooms come with either en suite or shared bathroom facilities.
The unit is equipped with a kitchen.
Côte d'Azur Airport is 6 km away.
TVs and private bathrooms are found in Hundested Kro Hotel’s rooms.
Car and bike rental can be arranged on site.
You can enjoy lunch and dinner at the à la carte restaurant.
Buffet breakfasts are available every morning at the hotel.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
It is situated only minutes from the town of Hermanus.
The rooms at Hotel Risa come with a balcony and free Wi-Fi.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is provided.
Just 600 metres from the CN tower, Otto's House Hostel is centrally located in the city of Toronto.
Guests can enjoy free yoga classes with the internationally renowned yogi, Wayne Krassner.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is available.
There is an indoor pool and hot tub in the wellness centre.
For your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and heating.
The unit has a furnished terrace where guests may enjoy al fresco meals.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a toaster and refrigerator.
Accommodation will provide you with satellite TV and air conditioning.
There is cable TV and a wooden coffee table.
A continental breakfast in served every morning free of charge in the kitchen.
A private balcony and in-room massage service are available upon request.
It features an outdoor pool, a business centre and complimentary WiFi access throughout its premises.
La Barrosa Beach is a 10-minute drive away.
Free Wi-Fi and air conditioning available.
All rooms are decorated with natural hardwood floors and beamed ceilings.
It offers an outdoor swimming pool, tennis court and free Wi-Fi internet access.
The apartment features free WiFi throughout the property.
The rooms are air-conditioned room and feature a TV and a fridge.
Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport is a 50-minute drive away.
Both the M1 motorway and the A12 are a 5-minute drive away.
Some units provide sea views.
Rooms at this property have a romantic feel and a TV.
Staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage.
The kitchen comes with an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
Furthermore, the hotel's breakfast buffet is included in the room rate.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
The rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
It is 1 km from Twickenham Stadium.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The Huntsville International Airport-Carl T. Jones Field is five miles away.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding and snorkelling.
Dining options can be reached nearby within walking distance.
Piazza Navona is a 3-minute walk away.
It also has a garden, a patio and BBQ facilities.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a microwave and toaster.
All have a private bathroom, and a hairdryer is available upon request.
In the wintertime you can take part in a sleigh ride.
A tennis court is a 10-minute drive away, and Mayrhofen is 10 km away.
Free kayaks and bikes are available.
The nearest restaurant and a grocery store can be found within 300 metres.
There is also a dining table and a kitchenette with an oven and microwave.
A large range of restaurants and cafés can be found in the area.
There is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet.
A wood-burning fireplace and a large 2 car garage are featured at this holiday home.
They also have a private bathroom.
All have a modern bathroom with a shower cabin.
Breakfast is served daily in the inviting dining room and is included in the price.
Other facilities offered at the property include a games room and a children's playground.
Apartmani Vedrana is a self-catering accommodation located in Klenovica.
A continental breakfast is available every morning. It can be brought to the comfort of your room.
At Exclusive Tour Cordoba you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
The hotel offers free airport shuttle, guest rooms with free Wi-Fi and an on-site restaurant.
Organic vegetables are also grown here.
The Silvretta All Inclusive Card is included in all rates during summer season.
You will find a kettle in the room. Every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
Each morning the Makarim serves a buffet breakfast with pastries and hot tea.
The hotel also offers a restaurant and lounges.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
Skiing opportunities at Mount Ashland Ski Resort is 25 miles away.
Guests can find a wide range of local food around.
Hiking and horse riding are available in the vicinity.
It is situated less than 10 km from Santa Rosa de Cabal.
Saolu is 7 km away from the villa.
Free WiFi access is provided.
Guests can enjoy at the on-site restaurant Nook international cuisine for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
This apartment complex has an outdoor pool, surrounded by gardens.
Salerno Station is 2 km away.
Providing free WiFi throughout the property, Beijing Guochuang Hotel also offers free private parking.
Free parking is provided.
Continental breakfast products such as cheese, luncheon meat and eggs are provided daily.
A 5-minute drive will take you to the nearest restaurants, cafés and shops in Genk’s centre.
Leuven Central Station is 1 km away.
Sydney Airport is 25 minutes' drive away away.
Free newspapers are provided, and a ski storage room is available.
Various shops, bars and restaurants, as well as the Royal St Kitts Golf Course, are within a 5-minute drive of the property.
A shared kitchen equipped with an oven, microwave and fridge.
A minimarket can be found directly opposite the property.
The spa centre offers a variety of body and beauty treatments, upon reservation.
Wi-Fi is available free of charge and massages can be arranged upon request.
It offers a great location, and the Spanish Steps are just a 5-minute walk away.
They feature local art craft work.
A hot tub is also featured.
Private bathrooms also come with towels and linen.
Famous for its nightlife, Budva is 16 km away.
Guests enjoy a sweet breakfast every morning, served buffet-style in a communal living room.
The apartments offer air conditioning, a seating area and cable TV.
The nearest airport is Naples International Airport, a 1-hour drive from the property.
The shared bathrooms are in the hallway.
The property offers free parking.
Wi-Fi is available in public area at no extra charge.
Rooms at the Chateau are uniquely decorated with antique furnishings,.
The artists' colony of Schwalenberg is also nearby.
It offers free WiFi and is within a 5-minute walk from restaurants and shops.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Crocus Expo is 1.5 km away, and Myakinino Metro Station is 2 km away.
Private parking spaces are available on site free of charge.
Each room at H58 offers warm interiors with wooden furniture with chests of drawers and nightstands.
Manzanares is an hour’s drive from the property.
It offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers, a garden and a terrace.
There is a green garden, perfect for afternoon relaxation.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Makarska is 31 km from Apartment Beritić, while Hvar is 19 km away.
The property provides satellite-TV, radio and CD player.
The Olive Restaurant serves International and typical cuisine.
The Donaldsonville Museum is 5 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
Breakfast is a varied buffet.
The town’s centre is within 500 metres.
Nikos Kazantzakis Airport is located 70 km away.
The apartments also offer either a balcony and city views, or a fireplace in the lounge area.
Children can enjoy the swing and the slide outdoor.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
Each of the rooms at Childress Inn is furnished with a seating area and a cable TV.
Dubai Airport is 30 minutes by car from Key One Homes-Ocean Heights Tower.
A large breakfast buffet is served each morning.
Guests can use the copy and fax machine provided by the hotel.
All units feature a seating area. There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a refrigerator.
Guests can also choose to hire a private chef.
The bathroom includes a shower and toilets.
Shower facilities are in the en suite bathrooms.
The in-house restaurant serves regional and continental delicacies.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Certain units include views of the mountain or river.
The patio is fitted with a table and chairs. Here, guests can have their meals in warm days.
All rooms offer a flat-screen TV.
A continental breakfast is served every morning.
Breckenridge Ski Resort is 15 minutes’ walk from the apartments.
Fax, printing and photocopying facilities are provided.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchenette equipped with a dishwasher.
In winter, guests can get to the ski bus station within 130 metres.
Wired internet access is available in the business centre.
Tawnhouse in Prague is a self-catering accommodation, located in Čestlice.
Some units include a terrace and/or balcony.
The Hintertux Glacier is 7 km away.
International cuisine and specialties from Portugal's Estremadura Region are served at the hotel's restaurant.
The daily breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet.
Freshly prepared home-style breakfast and meals are available on request.
Free parking is available for cars and bicycles.
The hotel has a terrace and fitness centre, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
The living room is furnished with sofas and a flat-screen cable TV.
The air-conditioned studios come with a satellite TV and balcony with sea view.
Featuring a dishwasher, the kitchen has all the equipment to prepare meals.
The apartment also features a balcony and a fully-equipped kitchen with dining table.
There are many restaurants, bars and cafés around the hostel.
A deep freeze chamber can be booked in the spa.
At night the whole neighbourhood becomes alive with a bar at every corner.
The restaurant offers breakfast buffet in the sunlit dining room.
Lucky Bungalows is just a 10-minute drive to the well-known Phsar Leu.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
The Mayflower Theatre is 1.8 km away.
Some rooms have a balcony and tea/coffee facilities.
All units offer a fridge and a tea/coffee maker.
A hairdryer, slippers and shower facilities are provided in the en suite bathrooms.
Old Town Square is 2 km from Apartment Jim, while Prague Astronomical Clock is 2 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi is offered in guest rooms at this Merritt property.
Free WiFi access and free on-site parking are available.
Every room is air conditioned and includes a private bathroom.
Each unit will provide you with a minibar, electric kettle and coffee machine.
By the Zêzere River guests can engage in the most varied water sports.
On-site parking is free at Sporthotel Fränkische Schweiz.
Other facilities offered include meeting facilities and luggage storage.
All air-conditioned rooms feature a TV and a private bathroom.
The property offers free WiFi and free access to on-site parking.
Every room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat-screen TV.
Each has an en suite bathroom and some rooms have a view of the swimming pool and garden.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are also provided upon request.
Rabac is 43 km from Apartment Lana, while Baška is 25 km away.
Socorro Bus Station can also be reached in 5 minutes by car.
Sun Sea Sand is located on Poetto Beach in Quartu Sant’Elena.
Nueva Hespérides International Airport is 10 km from the hotel.
Goodwood Motor Circuit is 10.3 miles away and Chichester Cathedral is 11 miles away.
Family Apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in Paris, just 150 metres from the Parc de la Villette.
Life Park Kurashiki Center is a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
You will find a taxi and a bus stop just 80 metres from the apartments.
Charles De Gaulle Airport is 24 km away from Lokappart – Assas.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
Situated at Lake Lipno in Frymburk, Hotel Leyla was built in the style of an Alpine chalet.
The private bathroom has a bath or shower.
Free wired internet access is provided.
The Rembrandt Square can be found at a distance of 850 metres, while the Dam Square is within 1.8 km.
Featuring free WiFi, Eyre Hotel offers accommodation in Whyalla.
The brightly furnished rooms feature free WLAN access.
The house also offers free Wi-Fi and barbecue facilities.
The apartment is 1.2 km from Kings Avenue Mall.
Places to eat are located within 2 km radius.
At Apartment Sienkiewicza guests will find barbecue facilities.
Pater Noster Lighthouse serves a daily breakfast buffet.
Hepburn Springs is a 7-minute drive away.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Alacati’s town centre is 9 km from the hotel.
An à la carte breakfast menu is also offered.
These Apartments in New York City are 2 blocks from Penn Station.
Guesthouse Mari features free WiFi throughout the property.
Alternatively, guests can enjoy basketball, beach volleyball and karaoke.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
Within a short walking distance, you will find several restaurants and cafeterias.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
The Square serves multi-cuisine dishes.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
The nearest airport is Volgograd International Airport, 77 km from the property.
A daily continental breakfast is provided.
It offers an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and free Wi-Fi.
After dinner, guests can relax with a drink in the bar.
The kitchenette has a refrigerator and a dining area.
The property also offers discounts on entrance to PortAventura Them Park and Tarragona Cathedral.
Al Ain National Museum is a 5-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Schiphol Airport, 30 km from the property.
Outdoor activities include bicycling and horse riding.
The hotel's garden, hosting little squirrels, is ideal for relaxation.
Guests have access to a shared kitchen.
Every air-conditioned unit at this guest house comes with a balcony and has a flat-screen TV.
Air-conditioned rooms are features a TV with cable channels, safety deposit box and desk.
It also offers various Egyptian beers and wines.
Pico Alto peak and Cachoeira das Talitas waterfall are located 10 km away.
It is 6 km to Jurgów Ski Lift and 14 km to the town of Zakopane.
Each heated villa has a living room with a sofa and TV.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Edgewood Tahoe Public Golf Course is 3 minutes’ drive away. MontBleu Casino is 13 minutes’ walk away.
The spa town of Chianciano Terme is 30 minutes away by car.
The city centre is 5 km away and the closest metro stop is 500 metres away.
The property is 3 km from El Campin Coliseum and 3 km from Corferias International Exhibition Center.
Alassio is 41 km from Casa Adriana, while Acqui Terme is 42 km from the apartment.
Tver Central Train Station is 4 km from Apartments on Afanasiya Nikitina.
At The Durham you will find a bar, a shared lounge and a laundry.
Each room comes with a private bathroom.
Private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
The nearest airport is Luis Eduardo Magalhães Airport, 20 km from the property.
Leopold Sedar Senghor Airport is 40 km away.
Within less than a 5-minute walk, you can find a variety of restaurants, shops and supermarkets.
Luggage storage is available at the 24-hour front desk.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Guests benefit from terrace and a terrace.
It features a restaurant, a bar and complimentary Wi-Fi access and parking.
Free parking is possible.
A rich breakfast is served everyday in the charming breakfast room.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
At Hill Crown Retreat you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Seating facilities and a fridge are also in the rooms.
Guests can unwind in the terrace.
The kitchen has an oven.
A continental breakfast is served in high season and an American breakfast is offered in low season.
The closest grocery shop is 50 metres away.
The Ajoie Spa has a bar and a lounge area where coffee, tea and smoothies are served.
It offers an outdoor pool, breakfast and beach-service with sunloungers and parasols.
It offers modern apartments, as well as a restaurant and spa.
A wide range of therapeutic treatments based on the medicinal waters are available.
All units include a seating and dining area.
Guests can enjoy views of the Mediterranean from the Albergue’s terrace.
The hotel offers free on-site parking.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
The suites also feature views over the castle.
Chia is a 10-minute drive away, and Cagliari Airport is 50 km away.
A variety of drinks can be ordered from the Groove Bar.
Hotel Hot features free WiFi throughout the property.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation with mountain views and a traditional restaurant with bar.
The closest grocery store is just 100 metres away.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Terracity Shoppping Mall is within 15 km.
The private bathroom is complete with a shower and hairdryer.
Hotel Isora is situated in a quiet area 4 km from Ostrava’s centre.
Set in Latsi Port, this air-conditioned apartment features a terrace with sea views.
Hotel Park 10 is situated in the El Poblado neighborhood, 4-blocks from the central Parque Lleras Square.
A wellness centre and a a fine restaurant serving Austrian cuisine await you on site.
Air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a minibar.
Free WiFi access is available.
A variety of entertainment options can be explored in a walking distance of the hotel.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Each unit is equipped with air conditioning and a satellite TV.
A shared terrace with barbecue facilities is at guests' disposal.
Moskovsky Train Station is 7 minutes’ drive from Mini Mani Hostel.
The centre of Middelburg is less than a 15-minute drive away.
They have a touch of colour and lively paintings by local artists.
Kinshasa Golf Course is within 5 km of Hotel Renaissance Jumeaux.
Holiday home Skovbrynet Tarm IV is located in Falen and can accommodate up to six guests.
Located in Leskelä, this holiday home is situated 25 km from Joensuu.
During winter, it offers discounts on ski passes.
All rooms are air conditioned and feature a TV.
The reception desk is available 24-hours a day at Super 8 Wichita Airport.
The family-run Romanda Hotel has a 24-hour reception.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
A flat-screen TV, a minibar and facilities for making tea and coffee are provided.
The property boasts views of the garden and is 400 metres from Basilica of San Frediano.
The bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and a shower.
Simferopol International Airport is 185 km away.
The air-conditioned rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) floors and Japanese Yukata robes for all guests.
The property boasts views of the mountains.
Hotel Rock Sea features free WiFi throughout the property.
Some rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
It offers outdoor pools, a tennis court and an exotic garden with a waterfall.
Accessing other historical and central locations of the city is easy, using public transportation vehicles.
All of them have fully-equipped kitchens and dining areas.
Hotel Isabel is directly in front of Playamar Beach, 700 metres from central Torremolinos.
Extras include bed linen.
The hotel also offers laundry and dry cleaning service.
Maharana Pratap Airport is 22.3 km from the hotel.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Trogir Old Town (1.7 km) and Trogir Town Museum (1.7 km).Split Airport is located 3 km from the property.
The property offers free parking.
A breakfast is served every morning at the property.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Free Wi-Fi is available here.
This holiday home is 60 km from Kastrup Airport.
Each studio at Apartamentos Central City has 2 single beds and a TV.
Locanda Cugnanello features free WiFi throughout the property.
There is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
The playground features a trampoline and a kart race track with various cars for children.
Central Cuernavaca is a 10-minute drive from Ayurveda Palace.
Some rooms include LCD TV.
All rooms offer splendid garden views.
Stamford is about 20 minutes' drive away.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
There is a café 200 metres away, while a grocery shop can be found 50 metres away.
The property offers free parking.
It offers traditional accommodation with free Wi-Fi and kitchenette facilities.
Luggage storage facilities are also available.
All of the well-lit guest rooms at Grand Keskinkaya Hotel have carpeted floors and air conditioning.
The centre of Mondsee is 3 km away.
Rooms here will provide you with air conditioning. Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the lobby.
Free Wi-Fi and parking are available.
A continental breakfast is served every morning.
Onofrio's Fountain is 2.1 km from Apartment Vita, while Minceta Tower is 2.1 km away.
Bolshoi Theatre is 3.9 km from the property.
The large restaurant specialises in Polish cuisine.
The hotel's 3 restaurants serve international, Sicilian and Mediterranean cuisine.
Florida State University is 8.9 miles away from this hotel.
This 3-star hotel is 350 metres from the shopping area of Via Sparano.
All rooms are brightly decorated and include free Wi-Fi and a work desk.
Avra hotel is situated in the old town of Parga, just steps from the castle.
Guests can also relax on the rooftop terrace.
Shenyang Taoxian International Airport is about a 1-hour drive away.
Wi-Fi is free throughout the property.
The property is ideally located for bush-walking and hiking.
The spa offers massages with a view of the sea, a fitness room and aqua gym.
Each modern room comes with a flat-screen TV, safety deposit box and minibar.
Guests can enjoy a complimentary hot breakfast, which features items such as eggs, sausage, waffles and pastries.
A balcony is available in each unit.
Das Vorderhaus provides a full breakfast each morning, which is brought to your room.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is located 17 km away.
Wi-Fi is available for free in public spaces.
Room service is also available.
There is also a small playground for children.
It offers cosy rooms with computers and free wired internet access.
The property offers luggage storage as well as free parking.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Free WiFi is provided.
The property is 20 km from Salou and free private parking is offered.
The Grand Place is 7.8 km away.
A free internet terminal can be found in the lobby.
Free private parking is available on site.
In the vicinity of the Fortuna there are 4 unspoilt pebble beaches.
The Saalbach Hinterglemm Ski Area is 2 km away.
Seminarhotel Lihn enjoys a quiet location in Filzbach on the Kerenzerberg plateau.
The main bus station is 800 metres away from Kolovare Apartment.
The property offers free parking.
There is also a lounge with a fireplace.
The local casino is located within 400 metres of Plaza Hotel.
They also provide a seating area, TV, and a modern bathroom with shower.
The Prague Congress Centre is 3 km away.
Facilities include a washing machine and free parking.
Ski equipment hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing and hiking.
A breakfast is provided each morning at Beth Soureilh.
Guests benefit of a shared kitchen and washing machine at the property.
Each room has a flat-screen TV, a refrigerator and bathrobes.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
There are many sights, restaurants and shops within walking distance of the property.
The property features a garden and a terrace.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
You can enjoy mountain and city views from the property.
Cabañas Puente Viejo’s guests can make the most of the onsite fitness centre.
Guests can also sample classic Tunisian dishes in the dining area.
Kazan International Airport is 38 km from the property.
It offers free parking and free Wi-Fi internet access.
Situated in Pushkino, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi and a balcony.
Free WiFi is available throughout the resort.
Films and music are provided on request.
You will find a 24-hour front desk and gift shop at the property.
The restaurant serves Polish and international cuisine and boasts a elegant interior décor.
Amusement Park and Theatre Square are a minute walk from the hotel.
Set in a green and exclusive residential district, the Byron Hotel features 29 finely furnished rooms and suites.
Guests can make use of the business corner with internet access, located next to the reception.
The Apartment-Empire has views of the courtyard and is decorated in a Napoléon style.
There is live entertainment with music and oriental dance every evening.
The town of Lleida can be reached in 17 minutes by car.
A TV is featured.
Hotel Stetind also has a pub with a large-screen TV.
Guests can enjoy traditional cuisine in the Auberge de la Brévenne restaurant.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each self-catering trullo will provide you with a terrace, a kitchenette and a sofa.
Ozer Hotel has a terrace right on the water and is just a few steps to the picturesque beach.
Bay view suites are available.
Poreč’s historical centre is a 10-minute walk away along the beach.
The renovated kitchen has preserved the period features as the stucco moulding ceilings have been kept.
You will find a kettle in the room. All rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
Abergavenny is situated at the borders to the Brecon Beacons National Park.
Other facilities offered include luggage storage.
Airport buses leave from a stop located just opposite the hotel.
Free private parking is possible on site.
There is a private bathroom attached, equipped with shower facility,
Free WiFi access is available.
Guests can relax with pampering massage treatments or take a dip in the pool.
Batumi Airport is 10 minutes’ drive away.
The unit is equipped with a kitchen. A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is provided.
Located off I-95, the Kittery Ramada is 11.4 miles from York Beach.
A shower stall can be found in the bathroom attached.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the property.
You can enjoy mountain view from the room.
All rooms are air conditioned and located on the ground floor.
La Peschiera is a luxury 5-star hotel on the Adriatic Sea in Monopoli.
The Kruger National Park is 57 km from the property.
Rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bidet.
Free private parking is available on site.
It offers free Wi-Fi, fine local cuisine and wonderful views of the Bavarian Alps.
You can also spend relaxing in the garden.
Other facilities at Bracken Ridge Villas include a barbecue.
You can enjoy pool and garden views from your villa.
A full English breakfast is included in the price and can be served in the comfort of your own room.
Entertainment and children's programs are provided.
Alanya Ataturk Square is 7 km from Moda Marine Residence, while Alanya Castle is 7 km from the property.
Some have a sea view terrace.
Coffee is available for guests 24 hours a day at this pet-friendly motel.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Country house in Ruzino also includes a sauna.
The Alpine-style rooms are fitted with a private bathroom featuring a shower.
Free private parking is provided.
The rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
The accommodation will provide you with a seating area with sofa and washing machine.
Old Town Square as well as Charles Square are within easy walking distance.
The air-conditioned cabins are spread around the landscaped grounds. They all come with self-catering facilities and DVD players.
Free private parking is available on site.
Shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
For your convenience, ironing facilities, washing machine and cleaning products are at your disposal.
At Taghazout Apartments you will find a snack bar.
Indaial Bus Station is 2.5 km away.
The property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
Breakfast is delivered to apartments upon request.
Enjoying views of the quiet rice paddies of Krobokan, it has pampering in-villa spa treatments
Newquay is 45 km from Dolphin Guest House, while Falmouth is 49 km from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include games room and luggage storage.
The hotel is close to the RN13 main road and to the shopping centre.
All rooms are decorated in a contemporary style, are air-conditioned and feature free Wi-Fi access.
It offers an on-site hot tub and communal kitchen facilities.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
Signal Apartments London is situated in London, 1 km from London Bridge.
Free WiFi is available.
There are shared, bright bathrooms with white tiles and hand dryers.
WIthin just 150 metres from the De Haan’s beaches, Apartlogies De Coqisserie offers modern rooms, apartments and lofts.
Ninh Binh Train Station is a 10-minute drive away.
The spacious air-conditioned rooms open out to a private balcony with outdoor seating.
It offers smart rooms with free Wi-Fi and a free breakfast.
Surrounded by nature, guests can enjoy their meals in the dining area outdoors in the garden.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
There is also a fully equipped kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Local restaurants can be found within walking distance from the guesthouse.
A work desk and iron are also included.
Some rooms feature views of the sea or city.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
The restaurant of the Vila Olimpic Sport serves Romanian dishes and it also has a bar.
It features free Wi-Fi in reception and chill out areas.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is available.
Odessa Opera and Ballet Theatre and Odessa Port can be reached in just a 5-minute drive from the apartments.
James River Golf Club is 6.5 miles away.
It has 1 bedroom, a bathroom and a living area with a sofa bed.
Cascais Beach is 3.7 km away and the Tamariz Beach is 5.4 km away.
It offers a restaurant and free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel.
Guests may enjoy light meals and refreshing beverages at the on-site pool bar.
Valencia and its airport are within 1 hours’ drive of the apartment.
Featuring several museums, Bialik Square, is only a 7-minute walk from the property.
Each features a seating area and a well-equipped kitchen with stove and fridge.
A breakfast buffet is available for an extra charge.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
A flat-screen TV and Blu-ray player, as well as a CD player are featured.
Set 15 minutes’ walk from Llança Port, Hostal Lara is located in Llança, in the Costa Brava.
A breakfast buffet is served each morning in the adjoining hotel, and there is also an à la carte restaurant.
It takes only 10 minutes to drive to Walking Street.
Complimentary parking is available.
The fully-equipped kitchens include a stove, oven, refrigerator and microwave.
The property has its own patio for guests to relax on and perhaps spot local wildlife.
It includes a swimming pool with hydromassage jets, a restaurant and a poolside bar.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this villa.
Kenichi Pacific and the Aloha Theatre are 2 miles away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in public areas of this holiday park.
Calpe harbour is around 2 km away.
The nearest grocery store is 20 metres away, while various restaurants can be found 400 metres from the Guest House Martina.
Olaya Herrera Airport is 58 km away.
The apartment has a living room with high ceilings and french doors that lead onto the balcony.
Parking is free at the hotel.
Several water sports are on offer on the beach.
The rooms come with modern, colourful decor and a small dining area.
Boasting a contemporary décor, accommodation will provide guests with a TV, air conditioning and a terrace.
Five Main Avenues is 2.8 km from the property.
The bathrooms are fitted with shower and provided with free toiletries.
Facilities include a flat-screen TV, CD/DVD players, radio and toaster.
You can enjoy a walk in the peaceful surrounding gardens.
The local bus station is situated 150 metres away from the property.
All units have a kitchen equipped with a refrigerator and stovetop.
This seasonal property is open between May and October.
The hotel can arrange airport transfers with additional charges.
Each unit comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bathrobes.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Featuring wooden fittings and a private balcony, air-conditioned rooms all come with a personal safe.
Igneada is 25 km from Villa Kalina, while Sozopol is 41 km away.
All units feature a TV.
A microwave and minibar are provided in each room at Budget Inn 2000.
The hostel provides 24-hour front desk service.
Isparta Airport is 50 km away.
Parking is free on site.
Some rooms also come with a desk and carpeted floors.
Private parking is available on site.
Located in Lagonisi, this apartment features a garden with a barbecue.
Bandaranaike International Airport is 8 km from the property.
Accommodation has a contemporary design.
Bed linen is offered.
Paid public parking is also available.
Viewtalay Beachfront by ND also includes a year-round outdoor pool.
Enjoying garden views, elegant rooms are decorated in brown tones.
There are many local shops, malls and restaurants in the surrounding area.
As well as an elegant seating and dining area, there is a homely fireplace in the living area.
Free private parking is available on site.
All rooms are air conditioned.
A TV is offered.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave.
A shuttle service can be arranged.
Some come with a balcony and a mountain view.
The nearest airport is Bali Denpasar International Airport, 31 km from Canikaya Villas Ubud by Premier Hospitality Asia.
It offers free Wi-Fi and an on-site restaurant with bar.
Free Wi-Fi is also available.
Guests can cook in the shared kitchen, where free tea, coffee and snacks are provided.
An internet café is also available for guests’ convenience.
Free private parking is available on site.
The kitchenette comes with a hob and fridge.
The guest house has a communal kitchen and a café.
The property is located 22 km from Barcelona and offers free Wi-Fi.
Towels are featured.
The air-conditioned accommodation features a refrigerator and tea/coffee making facilities.
The apartment is composed of a kitchen and living area with sofa bed.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The restaurant serves tasty Romanian and international cuisine.
The beach is just 70 metres away.
Located in Vence, Vue sur Vence entre Nice et Cannes offers an outdoor pool.
Some rooms feature cable TV.
The Vesiroos offers bicycle rental and laundry services.
Riccione Train Station is 1.5 km from the property.
Each of the rooms is comfortably furnished and has its own unique design.
All studios at Sunlight are bright and open to a balcony.
All rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
The property offers a restaurant and a bar, serving traditional dishes of the region.
Sandcastle Water Park can be reached in just a 2-minute walk, and many restaurants and bars can be found in the local area.
BBQ facilities are available in the garden.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the building. Guests enjoy free coffee.
Each has a seating area with flat-screen TV.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
Rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen cable TV.
Orlando International Airport is 33 km from the property.
Regular rooms are also equipped with a lamp, desk, sitting area and a fan.
There is also a TV and ironing facilities included.
Guests can take a shower in the private bathroom.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
Bars, restaurants and shops are within walking distance from the hotel.
Public bus 409 provides direct links to Metro Lines A and B.
The property offers free parking.
The dorms have lockers.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Family-style meals are served in the main dining room.
The atmosphere of Hotel Benaco is warm and welcoming.
The fully-equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and a washing machine is available, as well.
A supermarket can be found 250 metres from the house and a restaurant is 600 metres away.
A rich breakfast buffet is provided each morning.
The charge is EUR 5 per person.
Rental bikes are available at reception.
A continental breakfast is served out in the garden each morning.
Pula Airport is located 6 km away and a pick-up service is available upon request.
Restaurants can be found within 3 km radius.
This heated apartment includes a well-equipped kitchen with oven and stovetop.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can relax in the sauna or enjoy a game of billiards.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in public areas.
Breakfast is a continental buffet, available every morning.
The nearest airports are Klagenfurt and Graz Airport, both within 70 km of Gasthof Wabitsch.
There are also conference facilities on site.
Stora Brännbo provides light rooms furnished in a contemporary Nordic style.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
You can play mini golf next door to the property.
A sauna, tennis court, art gallery and gift shop are also found on site.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
All of the rooms at Au Clos de Beaulieu are uniquely and elegantly decorated.
Free parking lot is available as well.
All rooms are equipped with a satellite TV.
The Carpathian Comfort serves home-style cuisine in their on-site restaurant.
A TV is provided.
WiFi access is available.
The hotel also has a café serving drinks and snacks.
6 restaurant serves authentic Cantonese and Fujian dishes.
It offers spacious and stylish rooms with a seating area and free W-Fi internet.
It offers massage services, tour arrangements, and free Wi-Fi.
Guests are provided 24-hour front desk assistance.
The private bathroom has a bath or shower.
Rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
Free parking is provided.
Parking is available free of charge on site.
Private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Guests may relax on the sun loungers of the sun terrace by the pool.
Sabiha Gokcen Airport is 110 km away.
Conference room is also available. Free enclosed private parking is possible on site.
The spacious 11th-floor indoor hot-spring bath offers beautiful views of Hakodate.
At Cocohut Resort you will find a terrace and a bar. Other facilities offered at the property include a games room and a children's playground.
Villa Lucia also includes a terrace.
It is just 340 metres from Exit 4 of Sinnonhyeon subway Station.
It offers an outdoor pool as well as a tennis court.
Guests can enjoy a lake and city view.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
Villa Roberto Canovas also includes a sun terrace with a pool and barbecue facilities.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in the entire property and free parking is provided.
The hotel offers a combination of fresh and friendly colours with comfort and functionality.
You can also shop at the supermarket right next to the hotel.
Savoury options are available on request.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can drive 30 km to go to the beach in Argelès or 40 km to Spain.
Anna Hvides Gård Museum is a 3-minute drive away.
The Hotel features a 24-hour reception.
The property offers free parking on site.
Soluna is 5 minutes' drive from El Paso International Airport.
Drinks and live music entertainment are available at the Lobby Lounge and Poolside Terrace.
It is a 15-minute drive from Klong Nin Beach and a 20-minute drive from Saladan Pier.
The hotel’s free bikes enable you to explore with ease.
Room service is available for limited hours.
Argostoli, the capital of Kefalonia, is 1.5 km away and the airport is at 5 km.
The walkway by the sea, Calçadão Beira-Mar, is 1 km away.
Ataturk Airport is within 22 km.
It specialises in traditional Polish cuisine and pizza.
The guest house also offers bike hire and car hire.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment on Kommunisticheskaya.
Packed lunches and grocery deliveries are offered upon request.
Golf Costa Brava is just 5 minutes' drive away.
Each room is unique in style and has a private bathroom.
The property is 38 km from the city of Lecce and 45 km from Otranto.
Palm Garden Restaurant services Indonesian and international dishes at the hotel.
Guests can swim in the outdoor pool or relax on the sun terrace.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Guests can enjoy discounted rates at a partner beach area.
Ibiza Airport is located 5 km away.
Well-appointed rooms come with cooking facilities, satellite TV and a DVD player.
Parking can be arranged upon request and at a surcharge.
The accommodation is suitable for ten guests.
Guests can dine locally at one of the many restaurants within 300 metres of the Pension Sissi.
The property offers free parking.
Extras include garden furniture and an open terrace.
SRH Waldklinikum Gera is 3 km from the property.
Complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has an electric kettle and a dining table.
Benidorm is 39 km from The House, while Gandía is 17 km away. Denia City Centre is 12 km from the property.
The famous Red Square is 3 km away.
Wi-Fi is available at the hotel’s reception cafe at a charge.
Room service is available.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
A scheduled shuttle to the airport can be provided.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Free parking is possible on site.
Both free WiFi and free parking space are accessible here.
Situated in Tomsk, this apartment features free WiFi. Guests benefit from balcony.
The city of Klagenfurt is located 12 km from the guest house.
Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport is located 4,5 km away.
A Russian banya and massage service are offered here.
Rooms here will provide you with air conditioning and a terrace.
Guests can use a shared bathroom.
For children there is a playground with a swing and a sandpit.
Milan Cathedral is 6 km away.
It offers air conditioned rooms with free WiFi and free parking.
Each home has a private screened-in pool with sun terrace.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
The hotel’s 24-hour front desk provides luggage storage services.
Pedele River, allowing for a nice swim in the summer, is 1.4 km away.
The family-run Hotel Löwen provides spacious, brightly furnished rooms with all modern amenities.
There is an electric kettle, as well as complimentary tea and coffee.
Free private parking is available on site.
Tortuga Bay beach is a great tourist attraction and is located 2 km away from the apartment.
A Starbucks is also on site.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Various cafes are a 5-minute walk away.
You can enjoy panoramic views form all the villas.
Rooms are fan-cooled and fitted with an en suite bathroom and shower facilities.
All units include a flat-screen TV.
Free Wi-Fi access is available and it has an on-site à la carte restaurant.
It offers air-conditioned apartments with a kitchenette and balcony.
Rimini Fellini Airport is just a 15-minute walk away.
Pag is 22 km from Apartment Gajac.
Amenities include a washing machine, an iron and cleaning products.
A tour desk can help with sightseeing and travel arrangements.
Palace d’Anfa is located on Boulevard d'Anfa, just a 5-minute drive from Hassan II Mosque.
The nearest airport is Suvarnabhumi Airport, 13 km from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
The bathroom includes a shower and hairdryer.
Luis Munoz Marin International Airport can be reached in about 1 hour by car.
The nearest airport is Split Airport, 63 km from Apartments Glibić 3567.
Extras include satellite channels and cable channels.
You can enjoy a mountain view from the balcony with furniture.
The bathrooms are either private or shared.
Free private parking is possible on site.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
It features a gourmet restaurant, garden, and air-conditioned rooms.
Wailea-Makena city centre is 3 miles away.
It offers free spa facilities, a large garden terrace, and free Wi-Fi.
The inn includes well-appointed rooms with free WiFi.
Air conditioning is provided at Villa Big White.
The nearest airport is Florence Airport, 5 km from the property.
Wi-Fi internet and parking are both free.
Guests can access these facilities free of charge.
Erzsébet Bridge can be reached within 500 metres.
Belvedre Parc is 10 km from Résidence Panorama 3.
This property has a quiet location in Volda, next to a beach on Lake Rotevatnet.
A range of business services are offered at the Mail, including fax and photocopying.
Dormitory rooms are equipped with air conditioning and heating systems.
They also include a kitchen with a stove, refrigerator, microwave and coffee machine.
There is also available balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
It is set on 2 floors and has a balcony and a terrace and free Wi-Fi internet access.
The en suite bathroom is fitted with shower facilities.
Free WiFi is available throughout the entire property.
The lively İstiklal Avenue is a few minutes walk away.
Free wireless internet is available in the public areas.
The nearest airport is Warsaw Chopin Airport, 14 km from Prudentia Apartments Anin.
Luggage storage is also provided.
Bowral is a 5-minute drive, and Bradman Museum is a 10-minute drive away.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven and a fridge.
It has a restaurant and free Wi-Fi in public areas.
The bright rooms of Hamarat include a minibar and free Wi-Fi.
Residence Inn Saratoga Springs is a 40-minute drive from Albany International Airport.
There is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in each unit.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
At Ramcons Residency Majorda you will find a garden and a terrace.
The balconies and terraces overlook the garden’s palm trees and the clear water.
Guests can enjoy meals and fresh coffee at the on-site restaurant and café.
A sweet and savoury breakfast is available in the morning and consists of homemade jams, pizza and cakes.
The Hampton Ramada Hotel also has a snack shop and a business centre.
Various cafes, bars and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk from the properties.
Some rooms have a hob and there is also a dining area.
Leave your car in the free parking facilities and enjoy a relaxing game of bowling.
Cable TV and coffee facilities are provided.
Luggage storage service is available before check-in and after check-out.
The Coliseum is a 25-minute walk away.
The hotel features an indoor hot tub, serves a continental breakfast and offers free WiFi.
Some rooms come with a spa bath.
It includes a seating and a dining area, 2 bedrooms and a bathroom.
Faro International Airport is a 35-minute drive away.
Offering daily housekeeping service, it provides complimentary parking on site.
All air-conditioned apartments have a bathroom.
The property boasts views of the garden and is 3.3 km from Isola Bianca Harbour.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing and fishing.
The nearest airport is Naples International Airport, 5 km from the property.
A bus stop can be reached at a distance of 300 metres.
The private bathroom includes a bath or shower.
Free WiFi access is available.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room at hotel Carofftel-Gobelins.
The outdoor seasonal swimming pool is open during the summer months.
The classic-style rooms feature a wardrobe.
Hostel Hikers Den features free WiFi throughout the property.
The nearest airport is Bandaranaike International Airport, 59 km from the property.
Lift access is provided.
The property offers free parking.
Some rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
Plaza Cibeles also provides a variety of bus connections.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen.
Guests can find a variety of restaurants and cafés nearby.
The guest house is 4.9 km from Praça da Graça and 9.4 km from Pedra do Sal Beach.
Båstad Golf Club is located 7 km from the hotel.
In Ozone Night Club guests can sip on a cocktail while admiring the stunning sea view.
The Wiesenhof provides free bikes and Nordic-walking sticks.
Flisvos Marina is 2 km from Alexei's Apartment, while Syntagma Square is 7 km away.
There is a small on-site snack bar, and there are 2 mini supermarkets next to the complex.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, satellite channels, a DVD player and a radio.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Foggia is 25 minutes’ drive away.
Some of the rooms enjoy elegant lake views.
The SNCF train station is only 350 metres from the hotel.
A boat hire is available at surcharge.
The nearest airport is Essaouira Mogador Airport, 15 km from the property.
Condominio Amazonas Flat is a self-catering accommodation located in Manaus.
The railway station is 300 metres from the Violetta house.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
The Domus is 200 meters away from Barberini Metro Station (line A).
Coffee-making facilities are also provided in the rooms so guests can jump start their day.
The bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer.
The property can help you organise tours to Alacati, Cesme, Kusadasi, Ephesus and Pamukkale.
They are air conditioned and equipped with a fridge and satellite TV.
Inside, there is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the entire hotel.
Dorm bedded room have storage lockers.
The bathroom comes with a bath and shower.
Free Wi-Fi throughout and free private parking are also available.
Some rooms include views of the mountains or river.
All air-conditioned accommodation includes a refrigerator, tea/coffee making facilities and bed linen.
All rooms have access to shared bathroom facilities.
Some feature a kitchenette with a fridge, coffee maker and cooking hobs.
Available for all-day dining, the restaurant serves a variety of Thai and international dishes.
The fully equipped kitchenette includes a microwave, dishwasher and a rustic tiled stove.
Varna Airport is 52 km from the property.
Hotel building includes a bank and casino.
Guests can play chess, enjoy a foot massage or appreciate tea within the hotel.
Imperial Suites Trastevere serves a generous continental breakfast daily at the on-site bar.
Each room also has a coffee maching, cable TV and free Wi-Fi.
The Anne Frank House is a 5-minute walk.
Ngurah Rai International Airport is 7 km from the property.
It features a kitchenette, a spacious living room and a dining area.
A supermarket is a 2-minute walk away.
Fifth Third Ballpark is 6 minutes’ drive away.
The bathroom comes with a bathtub and a bidet.
Certain units include a seating area for your convenience.
An en suite bathroom offers free toiletries for added convenience.
Offering a bar, Almar Hotel is conveniently located just 3 minutes’ walk from Blackpool Promenade.
Free WiFi access is available.
The gardens of Trauttmansdorff Castle are 9 km away.
It provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
There is a private bathroom with a hot tub.
The nearest airport is Cam Ranh International Airport, 26 km from Henry Guest House.
Featuring a wellness centre and fitness area, Grand Hotel Terme is set in Montegrotto Terme, a 20-minute drive from Padova.
A shuttle service from/to main airports can be arranged on site.
Magnat is located in Słupca and houses a restaurant and a bar, as well as provides banquet facilities.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a games room and luggage storage.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The property offers free parking.
Laugharne is 18.2 miles away from the property.
Public parking is possible on site.
Lecce is 8 km from B&B Le Amazzoni, while Gallipoli is 46 km away.
The property offers free parking.
The sandy beach is 300 metres away and Puck Train Station is 550 metres from the property.
All units feature a TV. There is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with an oven and toaster.
A TV is provided.
It offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Europa hotel offers individually decorated rooms with wooden furnishings.
The in-house restaurant serves multi-cuisine delicacies.
Room service is available at a surcharge.
Located in front of Matosinhos Beach, Porto Sea Apartments offers accommodation in Matosinhos.
There are several places of interest in the hotel's area.
It takes 40 minutes to drive to Phuket International Airport.
This luxury Athens hotel is ideally situated in the heart of Athens.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
Gloucester is 46 km from Upper House Cottage, while Swindon is 34 km away.
All units are air conditioned and feature a cable TV and a seating area.
The nearest airport is Marco Polo Airport, 27 km from the property.
Some rooms also offer a 4-poster bed with bed curtains.
The Alte Rheinmühle features a nice riverside terrace.
The rooms have a private bathroom.
Grantley Adams Airport is located 10 km from the property.
Eiffel is a 15-minute walk from the Black sea beach.
The nearest airport is Schiphol Airport, 7 km from the property.
The kitchenette includes an oven, hob, microwave and coffee maker.
It has a relaxing lounge bar, and a free internet terminal.
Lunch and dinner is also available while refreshing drinks can be enjoyed here.
The air-conditioned apartments offer a work desk and a flat-screen TV.
The property offers free parking.
With a balcony, apartments are decorated with parquet floors and come with a TV.
The hotel offers the Black Sea panoramic view.
The nearest bus stop is 1.5 km from Guest house Oaze.
Plaza de La Virgen and the Central Market are within walking distance.
The Family Hotel Studios Anny invites you to the traditional and cosmopolitical island of Thassos.
Free WiFi is provided .
Pula Airport is located 35 km from the property.
JR Shinonoi Train Station is a 15-minute drive away.
Guests can enjoy a game of table tennis at the games room.
The free ski bus stops 300 metres from this farm stay.
Wi-Fi access is also available at no charge.
Rocky Arbor State Park is one mile from the Americas Best Value Inn.
Reservations are strongly recommended.
Offering fly-fishing opportunities, the Yellowstone River is 1 mile from this motel.
Guests can enjoy free WiFi access and breakfast each morning at this hotel.
The property offers on-site mountain bike tracks.
There is also a bar, open during the summer months.
Guests can read a book in the library, or make use of the iMac computer in the hotel's study.
The Garden Grille is open all day and drinks are available at the Garden Bar.
Every room has an en suite bathroom as well, with toiletries and a hairdryer.
Free WiFi access is available in this camping.
The nearest airport is Tivat Airport, 16 km from the property.
Guests can also relax in the shared lounge room with satellite TV.
Apartment Liudmila boasts views of the garden and is 300 metres from the nearest beach.
Towels are available.
Safari Club SA serves South African specialties and international cuisines for its breakfast.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Villa Ylenia is 32 km from Quartu Sant’Elena.
The property offers room service.
Free parking spaces are available on site.
Complete with a microwave, a refrigerator and a coffee machine are also provided.
Fitted with a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
A washing machine is also provided.
City Bowling Club is a 15-minute walk away.
Several taverns offering fresh seafood are a 5-minute drive away.
A hairdryer can be found in the bathroom.
The hotel features an outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers and offers free WiFi in all areas.
You will find a garden, terrace and 24-hour front desk at the property.
Casa do Progo is located in the lush landscape of Ponte de Lima, 9 km from the village centre.
All of them have private bathrooms.
A hot, 3-course breakfast is served every morning at Au Chat Qui Dort B&B.
Bingin Inn offers a tropical retreat, a 5-minute drive from Padang Padang Beach.
This hotel is located in Saint Petersburg, a 10-minute walk from the Alexander Nevsky Bridge.
You can enjoy a garden view from the room.
It offers complimentary Wi-Fi access in its public areas.
A breakfast buffet is served every morning.
Towels and bed linen are available at Warsaw Uprising.
It is just 50 metres from the sea and a 20-minute walk from Sorrento.
No meals are served at the property.
There is a shared lounge with a flat-screen TV, a kettle and microwave.
The unit is 5 km from Odessa Archaeological Museum.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and provides a hairdryer.
Tito's Club is 1.2 km from Goa Homeland - Calangute, while Casino Palms is 1.6 km away.
All units have a seating area and work desk.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport is located 19 km away.
Free parking spaces are available 20 metres away.
Its windows provide wonderful views of the Old Town and River Rhine.
In summer, al fresco dining is possible on the terrace.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
Guests can make use of the business centre, laundry facilities and free parking.
Free parking facility is available.
Camping Eleovic has a fitness centre and laundry facilities.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation with a flat-screen TV and balcony.
Free on-site parking is provided.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
The bathroom at Cottage Mäntykallio includes a shower, washing machine and hairdryer.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment on Djavaxishvili.
All air-conditioned rooms have modern bedding which includes a pull-out bed and down comforter.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area. There is also a dining table.
Each air-conditioned room combines modern art with furnishings made from natural materials.
The front desk is available 24/7.
The property has its own restaurant, 24-hour front desk and provides free private parking.
There are 3 bathrooms with a shower, and towels and bed linen are provided.
Guests can play billiards and tennis at the property.
Mandalay International Airport is 33 km away.
Decorated in warm colours, rooms at the Luis de León offer a minibar and air conditioning.
Each room includes en suite facilities with either shower or bathtub.
Other facilities include a fitness centre.
Sofia Airport is 160 km away.
Cornavin Train Station, in the centre of Geneva, is just 15 minutes away from the Phoenix Hotel.
Set in Braşov, this apartment features a balcony with mountains views.
Daniel Oduber International Airport is 70 km away.
It features rooms with free Wi-Fi, TV and a private bathroom.
It features a garden with fruit trees and free WiFi throughout.
The Sophien Hotel's varied breakfast buffet will give you all the energy you need in the mornings.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Located 3.5 km from Sano Train Station, it serves a Japanese breakfast daily.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi access is available.
Situated in Icmeler, this family-run hotel is only a short walk from Icmeler Bay and the beach.
A buffet breakfast is available in the hotel’s bright dining room, which features floor-to-ceiling windows.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Fonte del Cieco hotel has its own garden and terrace.
Ataturk Airport is 15 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are available.
There is also an on-site minimart and billiards facilities.
The hotel is a 45-minute drive away from Stone Town.
Certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
Each air-conditioned room has a balcony, while some also include a living room.
The Dorival Caymmi Statue is 1.1 km away.
The Hotel St.
The Bacau Train Station is 1.5 km away.
Guestrooms offer both air-conditioning and heating facilities.
A microwave, hob, coffee machine and kettle can be found in the kitchen, as well as a washing machine.
Piazza is 1 km from Avtos Guest House, while Holy Mother Virgins Nativity Cathedral is 1 km from the property.
At Ferienwohnung 1001 Nacht you will find free airport shuttle service.
The restaurant serves a variety of Chinese dishes as well as the daily breakfast buffet.
The functional rooms include a TV and free Wi-Fi.
If you enjoy golf, the Montgenèvre Golf Course is a 5-minute walk away.
The hotel is 7.1 km from Dubai Marina and 12.1 km from Dubai Mall.
There is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and a dining table.
At Hotel Górski Czarna Góra guests can relax in a sauna and a hot tub, both available at an extra cost.
The property offers free parking.
A continental breakfast is provided each morning for those staying in the guest rooms at La Tour de Brazalem.
Snacks, drinks and cocktails are available in the Körschtal's Kilifibar.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, free WiFi and free parking.
Baden specialities are served in the hotel's restaurant with beer garden.
The restaurant serves delicious, homemade Tuscan cuisine and fine local wines.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and fishing.
The private bathroom comes with a bath/shower combination.
The nearest airport is Rijeka Airport, 10 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Holiday home Enebærvej II is located in Nørager, 300 m from the sea.
It features an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi.
Free parking is available on site.
The guestrooms offered by the property are all equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV.
Sugar’s Ribs Restaurant is located next door.
Hotel Stara Stajnia is located at the Poznań-Kalisz route.
Ile aux Oiseaux can be found nearby.
Private bathroom offers a shower, while the balcony offers a view of the sea.
The towns of Sušice and Klatovy are 15 km away and Plzeň is 60 km away.
Universal Studios Hollywood is 15 minutes' drive from the hotel.
Free Wi-Fi is included in all rooms and an outdoor pool on site.
Free public parking at a nearby location.
At Zhiwa Ling Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
Elora Gorge Conservation Area is about 2 km away.
Free WiFi is featured.
The nearest airport is London Heathrow Airport, 17 km from Marzell House.
Pescara is a 50-minute drive away.
Complimentary Wi-Fi access is provided throughout the property.
Nam Taley Jomtien Condominium offers accommodation in Na Jomtien. Pattaya Central is 8 km from the property.
The historic Cambodian Independence Monument is placed 1.5 km from the hotel.
Set in Vilnius, this apartment features free WiFi.
Dau Be Island is 9 km from Catba Central Hotel, while Sung Sot Cave is 14 km away.
Public parking facilities are provided in front of the hotel.
Free WiFi is featured .
The cruise also includes an in-house English speaking tour guide.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Golf Club delle Langhe is 5 km away.
The accommodation provides a TV, a terrace and a seating area.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven.
Each unit has a balcony and satellite TV.
Every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bidet and a hair dryer.
Catamaran Port with connection to Rijeka is located about 1 km from the Total Usluge.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer.
Some rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
On the private beach, each room has a parasol and 2 sun loungers.
The Goebelsmuhle train station is a 5-minute drive from S.C.I Rannerbaach.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the entire hotel.
Split Airport is 40 km from the property.
The apartment can accommodate up to 8 persons and offers an open and covered terrace.
The property offers free parking.
Red Owens Sport Complex and 17 minutes' drive from Falls Park.
Mobile homes are modern and come with a bathroom with shower.
The wellness centre features a sauna and a steam bath.
The O.R Tambo International airport is 35-minute drive from the property.
It also offers free Wi-Fi access and has a library on disposition.
Some rooms also offer sea or city views.
The property also offers grocery deliveries and laundry facilities.
Laundry, car rental and sightseeing tour services are available.
Guests can enjoy home-made bread and pizzas at the on-site restaurant which is open from 07:00 to 22:00 daily.
Free private parking is available on site.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are also available.
The bathroom includes a spa bath.
Also includes a barbecue.
The rooms in Sol Inka feature private bathrooms.
The guest rooms at Hôtel Restaurant Le Castel include a work desk and a TV with satellite channels.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
Fax and photocopying services are available.
At Ocean House Villa you will find an airport shuttle.
Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport is 70 km away.
Volksoper Vienna can be reached within 600 metres, whereas the Vienna City Hall is situated 2.2 km from the property.
At Archontiko Soulioti you will find a garden, a bar and a snack bar.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player, as well as a CD player are featured.
Local buses stop right on site with lines to Saranda beaches.
Le Salon in the lobby and La Piscine by the pool both offer refreshments throughout the day.
The nearest airport is Zvartnots International Airport, 10 km from the property.
The Terrace Restaurant with pool views is also another option.
The Ybbstaler Solebad Thermal Spa at Göstling is 16 km from the property
Set under the roof or on the lower floors with bay windows looking out onto the park, they are all equipped with Wi-Fi access.
Il Relais is set in the 19th-century Palazzo Tommasi in the heart of Verona, opposite the Castelvecchio Castle.
It offers a restaurant, outdoor pool and game viewing opportunities.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower.
Guests can enjoy panoramic views from the large windows.
Shops and restaurants can be found within a 5 km distance.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
There is a free public parking available.
Drinks and light meals are available in the cosy Lobby Bar.
Phoenix Yogyakarta offers a well-equipped fitness centre.
Please note: car is not advisable.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or a shower, and a hairdryer.
Aalborg Airport is 66 km away.
There is a lounging area with a fireplace and the bar offers a large variety of local New Zealand wines.
The nearest bus stop is just around the corner.
The attached bathroom comes with shower facilities.
Airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge.
The family-run Hotel Goya is a building of typical Sevillian architecture.
It also features an outdoor swimming pool and terrace.
The nearest airport is Krasnodar International Airport, 63 km from the property.
Drivers will find the A10 motorway is just 10 km away.
A large, cooked breakfast is provided each morning.
A private bathroom with a shower is included.
The property is within a 5-minute walk of several restaurants.
A daily breakfast is served and Alegre Restaurant offers fusion cuisine dishes.
The Fleur de Lys Hotel is situated a 15-minute car drive from historic Bruges.
Free WiFi access is available.
The property offers a tour desk and a ticket service.
Guests can enjoy vegetarian dishes and drinks at the guest house ́s bar and restaurant.
It is about 14 km from the property to the city centre of Duong Dong.
Free private, on-site parking is provided.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment in Jindřišská.
Free private parking is available on site.
It takes 20 minutes on foot to Impression Liu Sanjie.
Metro station Centrum is 600 metres away.
Apartment Varnæsvigvej is located in Kværs.
At Toronto Vacation Home Rentals - Executive Underground One-Bedroom Apartment you will laundry facilities.
Guests can benefit from a continental breakfast with croissants, jams and seasonal fruits.
This cosy accommodation provides free internet access and tastefully furnished rooms.
Breakfast is available on request, and fresh bread rolls can be delivered to the apartments on request every morning.
The Pride Hotel, Ahmedabad is a 45-minute drive from Ahmedabad International Airport.
The inn also provides car hire and bike rental.
Bintan Lagoon Resort, which houses a beach and restaurants, is also an hour’s drive away.
Galleria Houston is 10 miles away.
It is 2.5 km to Lake Tarnobrzeg and 1.6 km to Dzików Castle.
Koprivnica is 27 km from the property, while Đurđevac is at a distance of 18 km.
The kitchen includes an oven, a stove and a dishwasher.
It provides private parking. Free WiFi is featured .
Towels are featured.
The nearest shops and restaurants are 2 km from the property. Salzburg is 20 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each luxurious room has a balcony, TV and a spacious bathroom.
Schottenring Metro Station, on the U2 and U4 line, is a 5-minute walk away.
La Bonte Park is 5 minutes’ drive from the Best Western Laramie Inn and Suites.
An Applebee’s Restaurant is adjacent to the property lot.
Towels are featured.
It is 300 metres from Mosbach's Old Town, which is surrounded by the Odenwald Forest.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
The nearest airport is U-Tapao International Airport, 27 km from the property.
Set in a 10-hectare green area, offers rooms with a balcony.
You can enjoy garden view.
Each room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
A microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
Villa Marianna, 100 metres from Tsaki Beach and 500 metres from Benitses village.
Matane ferry is 65 km away.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
The property offers free private parking in the building's garage.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries.
Each room has a balcony.
Guests are invited to enjoy breakfast every morning at Le Manoir de Herouville.
Free private parking is available on site.
The restaurant is an important element of Hotel Restaurant du Lac Logis.
For leisure, spend a lazy afternoon on the sun loungers situated by the outdoor pool.
You can park your car for free on site.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can enjoy a traditional Thai massage at the spa, or go on a snorkeling trip.
Guesthouse Vellir’s allergy-free rooms include a wash basin.
Free WiFi is provided in all areas, while free parking is in front of the property.
Each room offers a view of the mountains or the garden.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is 29 km from the property.
It offers an indoor swimming pool, whirlpool, sunbed and a sauna and can accommodate up to six persons.
Its location is ideal for daily cruises around Mt. Athos.
A daily maid service is included.
Heraklio Town is 48 km from Villa Ella, while Bali is 44 km from the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath in each unit.
Laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services are also offered at a surcharge.
The Nadmorski apartment is spacious and decorated with cream colours and wooden furniture.
Guests are offered a hairdryer and slippers.
Guests can enjoy Black Forest specialities in Imbery’s traditional restaurant.
The open-plan kitchenette is well equipped for self-catering needs.
Set in the Cotentin et Bessin Nature Reserve, this hotel is 16 km from the beach in Portbail.
There is an on-site restaurant and bar.
Rooms at the NaturalMente offer views of the countryside.
A continental breakfast is served every morning in the dining room.
Guests can enjoy 4-course, homemade evening meals served by the hosts on request.
Wi-Fi access and a continental breakfast are available.
The bathrooms include a shower, toilet and towels.
The property offers free parking.
Daily breakfast is served in open buffet style.
Fethiye city centre is 40 km from this pet friendly property.
Porto Nobre offers free on-site parking.
Es Quatre Cantons has a bar and a restaurant, serving local cuisine.
La Maison Hôte can also provide packed lunches on request.
Free WiFi is offered .
Each room is furnished with a flat-screen TV.
Situated in Noale, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi. The property boasts views of the city is 24 km from Venice.
Mactan International Airport is a 2.5-hour drive away.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
Apartments Hiper is 11 km from Rijeka and 61 km from Pula Airport.
Each apartment is additionally fitted with a kitchenette and dining area.
The hotel is less than 5 km away from Bahrain World Trade Centre.
A private chef is also possible for an extra fee and 24-hour concierge service is also available.
Every apartment has a dining area, as well as a modern bathroom with a hairdryer and either bath or shower.
The private bathroom offers a hairdryer and toiletries.
The coastal city of Nieuwpoort with its sandy beaches is 18 km from the property.
Shops and restaurants are within 800 metres of Casa Orsingher.
Free WiFi is available in the entire property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
They are set in a family-run guest house.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Set in a historical Greek stone house, Florina is located on the Cunda Island.
Each room in Hangzhou Xiaoshan Guoda Holiday Hotel is fitted with a TV and an electric kettle.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
You can enjoy sea view and city view from all the rooms.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with an oven and refrigerator. A stovetop is also available, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Galtür’s sports centre and the centre of the village are only 300 metres away.
Free parking is available on-site.
At Camping Les Foulons you will find a garden and a snack bar.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
This holiday park is 31 km from Varna Airport.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage.
Lisbon International Airport is a 40-minute drive from Ymca Camp-Parque Ambiental Do Alambre.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, golfing and cycling.
Turbel Cave Hotel is situated in a restored stone building in Cavusin Village.
A ski storage room can be used at the Geigenkamm house as well.
In-room facilities include a TV and air-conditioning.
Free toiletries can be found in the bathroom.
Set in a historic villa, Villa Verganti Veronesi features an outdoor pool and a spacious Italian garden.
Various restaurants and bars are a 5-minute drive from Soo Hotel.
The property offers free airport shuttle.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including canoeing and hiking.
The restaurant serves international meals and local specialties.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
Guests can enjoy a variety of non-motorised water sports activities by the beach.
Guests can enjoy a varied breakfast in their rooms, or coffee and tea at the lobby.
They all include a 32-inch flat-screen TV, minibar and free Wi-Fi access.
Villa Lia is a detached villa situated in Pefki Rhodes in the Rhodes Region and is 44 km from Rhodes Town.
An array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including hiking.
Coin-operated laundry machines are located on site.
Guests are welcome to prepare their own meals at the fully equipped kitchen.
Offering a garden, B&B Airport Bergamo is located in Mozzo, 42 km from Milan.
The hostel also offers bike hire.
Mountain bikes are at your disposal free of charge.
Free private parking is available on site.
A wide selection of meals is also available, including a full English breakfast in the morning.
Free private parking and WiFi are available.
Other facilities at Villa Hutan Datai include a spa centre.
Hosteria Sloggett is conveniently located only 8-minutes by car from Ushuaia Airport.
The property offers free parking.
The Bellavista Hotel is set in the heart of Compatsch.
Both free WiFi and free private parking are accessible at this guest house.
You will find a tour desk at the property.
Indoor and outdoor shower facilities are also available.
The hotel has a Western-style coffee shop and a Chinese restaurant on site.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk, luggage storage and dry cleaning.
A covered outdoor terrace boasts a fireplace.
Black Rock Traditional Rooms offers accommodation in the traditional settlement of Emporio.
The rooms include a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment on Petrovskaya Ploshchad.
Caiazzo Metro Station is 450 metres from Central Station Affittacamere.
With a kitchenette, the apartments have a seating area.
Relaxing with a body massage is another good recreation choice.
Free WiFi is available .
The air-conditioned rooms at Hotel Pavo come with a refrigerator and a desk.
Large bathrooms have a bathtub with overhead shower and toiletries.
Free private parking is available at the guest house.
Staff can arrange car and bicycle rental.
Staff can provide lots of useful tourist information.
This holiday home can accommodate four guests.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Typical Bulgarian specialities and international cuisine are served in the restaurant of Apartments Ferie.
It is situated 10 km from Gaillac and its train station.
This 6-bedroom chalet will provide you with a flat-screen TV, a spacious seating area and a terrace.
A children’s playground, a laundrette and tennis courts are just some of the other facilities at this property.
Cafes and shops are a short walk away.
A number of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
Rialto Hotel overlooks Grado's seaside and the lagoon from the rooftop terrace.
The property offers table tennis facilities and a terrace to relax on.
Both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 400 metres of the property.
They are all accessible by elevator.
Free parking is possible on the premises.
All rooms feature a warm décor and come with free WiFi access.
Hotel facilities include a small fitness room and a tour desk.
The Raval Barceló is only a 5-minute walk from the MACBA Modern Art Gallery.
Several restaurants and nightlife are within easy walking distance from the motel.
Jeronimos Monastery is 2.6 km from LX Factory Apartment, while Chiado is 3.2 km from the property.
The Grifone is 3 km from the entrance of Rimini Fellini Airport.
The Kurpark Garmisch spa gardens are only 1 km away.
At Apartment Casa Alpina you will find a garden.
At Maison France Cormier you will find barbecue facilities.
Each includes a dining area and a bathroom with shower.
Slippers and free toiletries are also at guests’ disposal.
The unit is 31 km from Genoa.
The accommodation comprises a terrace.
There is a motorbike and bicycle garage on site.
A variety of Local eateries can be reached nearby within walking distance.
Free private parking is available on site.
This modern, 4-star hotel is in Hürth’s Kalscheuren district, 9 km from Cologne.
Exeter International Airport is 14 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 42 km from Ricos Beach Huts.
Wi-Fi access is free.
With a 24-hour front desk, the hotel provides car rental and concierge services.
Guests can enjoy a breakfast, which is offered daily in the breakfast room.
The property offers free parking.
It is a 5-minute walk from the Archeological Museum.
A playground is also featured and tennis lessons are possible on site.
Sunny Beach and Nessebar can be reached in around 15 minutes by car.
Free covered parking is available on site.
Wired internet is available.
Studio Vipera features free WiFi throughout.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is provided.
Guests can enjoy the free breakfast in the spacious breakfast room every morning.
Please note that this property has a minimum stay policy of 3 nights during the season from 25th of July till 25th of August!
The Westküstenpark Animal Park is just a 5-minute drive from the Ellerbrock.
Bright and spacious rooms with modern interiors are provided at Landhotel Weihermühle.
Arequipa’s main square is 5 blocks away.
Como is 2.9 km from Como Ricky Apartment, while Locarno is 45 km away.
Some rooms include a balcony or terrace.
A separate seating area with comfortable sofas is also provided.
This hotel is located in Herrieden.
Each air-conditioned room comes with a flat-screen satellite TV.
Located in Kiev, this hotel is 250 metres from Osokorky Metro Station.
Discounts on some tours and restaurants are also available.
Rooms offer ocean and mountain views.
At Apartments Corte you will find a garden and a sun terrace.
The ensuite bathroom also comes with a shower.
The motel offers free Wi-Fi and guest rooms with cable TV.
Some rooms can accommodate up to 10 guests.
It offers modern rooms, a small gym and an underground car park.
Breakfast is served to your room at an additional fee.
Huesca city centre, known for its churches, is within a short walk.
It features free Wi-Fi, a sauna and rooms with a minibar.
Rio de Janeiro/Galeao International Airport is located 24.5 km away.
Towels and linen are provided.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Galeao Airport is located 13 km away.
Guests receive a complimentary bottle of mineral water.
Guests are provided daily breakfast.
All units have a balcony, some with views to the garden.
You will find a fully equipped shared kitchen at the property with an oven, a stovetop, a microwave and kettle.
There is a fully equipped kitchen where guests can prepare their own meals and an outdoor terrace where guests can relax after exploring the region.
The grand BellAcqua spa features a Finnish sauna, steam sauna and solarium.
It is 4 km away to Biała Podlaska Train Station.
Room service is available.
It has a large garden with decking and offers free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi access is available.
Parking, Wi-Fi and bike rental are all completely free.
Sepilok Jungle Resort is 11 km away from the Sandakan Airport.
All rooms offer a flat-screen TV and a refrigerator.
The harbour and beaches of Puerto Progreso are around 25 km away.
For a snack, visit the Pavillion Pantry Market, which offers beverages and ready-to-cook meal options.
Each unit has a flat-screen satellite TV and air conditioning.
A full kitchen including a coffee and tea maker is also provided.
The property offers free parking.
The garden has a small pond and is ideal for entertaining children.
The property offers free private parking.
A shared garden with free BBQ facilities is available.
La Cote des Monts Damnés is surrounded by wonderful countryside.
It takes 5.5 hours to travel from Bandaranaike International Airport.
An indoor pool and hot tub are offered at Lake Geneva Mill Creek Hotel.
The kitchenette has a dishwasher.
The en suite bathroom is equipped with a bathtub.
Numerous restaurants and supermarkets are in the immediate vicinity of the hostel.
Many dining options, shops and a varied nightlife can be found in San Antonio.
Breakfast is served at the on-site restaurant.
The resort offers an extensive play area for children.
The apartments also have large balconies with great views of the surrounding areas.
This property is a 10-minute drive to the beach.
The complex is wheelchair/pushchair friendly.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Kikar Ha-Medina within 2 km.
In the centre of Petrovac and along a seaside promenade guests can found various restaurants and bars.
Rooms have a classic design and come with a private bathroom complete with hairdryer.
LaGuardia Airport is 10 km away.
Mineralnye Vody Airport is 46 km from the property.
Some of the properties have a sofa and Blu-ray players.
Car rental and shuttle bus services are available at a fee.
Besides air conditioning and heating system, the rooms are fitted with a cabel TV.
They are equipped with a private bathroom, a TV and free Wi-Fi access.
A dining area, flat-screen TV and private bathroom also feature in these air-conditioned apartments.
The friendly staff can assist you 24 hours a day.
Hejlsminde Beach is just 200 metres away, while Legoland Amusement Park is a 1-hour drive from the property.
With 2 or 3 bedrooms, each house is soundproofed and includes a living room with a flat-screen TV.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
Vorokhta is 19 km away.
Located in Playa del Inglés, Sol Barbacan is only 2 km from the nearest beach.
There is a well-equipped, common kitchen where guests can prepare their own meals.
Accommodation provides guests with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Each room is equipped with a TV with cable channels and a refrigerator.
All rooms are equipped with a satellite TV.
Alushta is 38 km from Villa Elena K, while Hurzuf is 22 km from the property.
Business travelers will appreciate access to copy and fax services.
Yaletown-Roundhouse SkyTrain station is 10 minutes’ walk away.
There will be homemade cakes for you to enjoy on your arrival.
The apartment is 4.4 km from Playa de la Victoria.
The lobby offers free coffee in the late afternoon, and there are drink vending machines on site.
There is a tour desk, valet parking and a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
Cooked and continental breakfasts are available each morning at Nelson Greens Motel.
The nearest airport is Caumont Airport, 9 km from the property.
This 3-star hotel is situated in Beerfelden in the Odenwald nature reserve.
All bathrooms have either a shower or a bathtub.
At Hotel Buenavista you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Hostel Mors offers accommodation in Tyumen.
After a jump in the pool, guests can relax on the terrace with a drink from the bar.
The bathroom has a walk-in rain shower and toilet.
A sofa, dining table and satellite TV can be found in the living room.
Ibiza Airport can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
Free Wi-Fi is included.
It features a garden, a bar, and air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen TV.
Located off Highway 180, this hotel is a half-mile from Hillside Memorial Gardens.
The rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a bathtub or shower.
The Thalmeier serves a big breakfast buffet in the mornings.
A 24-hour front desk is also available.
There is also a washing machine and ironing facilities.
A sweet breakfast is served daily, while savoury dishes are available upon request.
At the restaurant, traditional Swiss cuisine and regional specialities are served.
At As-tu Hostel there is a terrace.
You will find free shuttle service and hairdresser's at the property.
It offers rooms with a balcony, a minibar and free WiFi.
Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
Bike, kayak and car hire can be arranged at reception.
The air-conditioned rooms are each equipped with a tea maker and alarm clock.
A TV is offered.
A grocery delivery service can also be arranged.
During high season, guests can enjoy an on site bar that offers delivery, a small movie theatre, a children's playground and a kiosk.
Free on-site parking is also possible.
There is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit.
The private bathroom comes with an hydromassage shower or a spa bath and a hairdryer.
The coffee shop serves Indonesian dishes at the hotel.
Every room includes a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
The property offers free parking and bicycle rentals.
The elegant rooms at Hotel Bailing come with a modern décor and are fitted with large windows.
The scenic Solitude Castle is situated a 20-minute drive from Appartment Rooms.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
An optional daily breakfast buffet is also available for an additional charge.
At Neemrana's - Deo Bagh you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 15 km from Apartment On Gorohovaya.
Bike hire is available at the property.
The Hôtel & Spa Ax Hôtel offers soundproofed rooms with a simple and modern decor.
At Hilton Garden Inn Reagan National Airport you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Other facilities offered include a tour desk and luggage storage.
Recreation facilities include a fitness centre and sauna.
The homestay is situated 4 km from Saigon Train Station and 2 km from the Diamond Plaza - department store.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant on site.
Thessaloniki Airport is at a distance of 110 km.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The hotel also provides 24-hour in-room dining services.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo Airport, 23 km from the property.
Fethiye city centre is 10 km from the property. Dalaman Airport is within 60 km.
It houses 2 dining options and well-appointed accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
Featuring Portobello Market, Notting Hill can be reached within 20 minutes’ by Tube or bus.
Hania Ski Centre is a 40-minute drive.
Parangkusumo Beach is 5 minutes’ walk away from Hotel Parangtritis.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.
Features include a tennis court, 2 adult and 2 children’s pools.
There is a fully-equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Guests have access to Camping Rivamare’s private beach area.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Guests can opt between views of the sea, partial ones or views of the city.
With a great location, it is just 100 metres from Mucugê Street and 500 meters from Acqua beach.
A 9-minute drive will take you to the village of Castejón de Sos.
Park Arawa is less than 5 minutes’ drive from the apartments.
They each include a private bathroom with a shower.
Am Samui Palace is located in Lamai, just 2 minutes’ walk from the white sandy beach.
The kitchen at Gîtes de Chevémont is equipped with all the necessary amenities to prepare meals as well.
Naples Central Train Station is 1.5 km away.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling, fishing and canoeing.
A. Zar International Airport is located 66 km from the property.
Krasnoyarsk Train Station is 9 km from the apartment.
Rooms are air conditioned and come with a fridge and LCD TV.
A variety of restaurants, cafés and shops are less than a 5-minute walk away.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Cocktails are served at Santai Lounge.
The hotel also offers bike hire and car hire.
Kaliningrad Khrabrovo Airport is 11 km from the property.
Board and card games are also provided.
It is 600 metres to Olsztyn Zachodni Railway Station.
Ulan-Ude Train Station is within a 10-minute walk from Kemping Hotel.
Shuttle service is offered at an extra charge and upon request.
Villa Daskalovi offers pet-friendly accommodation in Balchik.
Set in delightful gardens, it enjoys a central location in the spa town.
Each unit is air conditioned.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Situated in Świnoujście’s resort district, Sun&Snow Promenada is 1.1 km from the city’s centre.
Various family rooms offer spacious, separate rooms.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is 30 km away.
Several nearby restaurants are Red Lobster, Don Pablos, Max & Erma’s and Olive Garden.
The kitchen includes a dining area and it is equipped with a washing machine, dishwasher, oven and kettle.
Value Hotel Nice is surrounded by local shopping and dining delights.
There is also a rowboat for free for guests to use.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 60 km from Radhabai Guest House.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Dazhou Railway Station is a 30-minute drive away. Dazhou East Railway Station can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
An oven, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Guests are invited to relax on the sofa or in the dining area.
Guests staying at Munay Ledesma can request assistance at the 24-hour front desk.
The lively centre of Naousa is a 10-minute walk away.
Shuttle service can be requested to and from the train and bus station for surcharge.
Munich International Airport is 122 km from the property.
You can enjoy pool view and garden view from the rooms.
There is a common living room with a DVD player and a seating area.
The house includes a TV and a balcony.
Guests can enjoy yoga sessions by the beach or request to watch a cultural show.
Torre Chianca beach is a 15-minute drive from the property, while Brindisi Airport is 50 km away.
All rooms at the Alter Ziehbrunnen have a private bathroom, a TV and light wooden furnishings.
At Vivo Inn, a variety of activities such as diving and fishing can be arranged.
It features self-catering accommodation with private balcony overlooking the Aegean Sea.
There is a hot tub and a spa on site, which can also be enjoyed at an extra cost.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, satellite channels, woodburning stove, and a DVD player.
A breakfast consisting of homemade cakes, sweet and savoury items is served daily.
Regional Lower Saxon dishes are also served in the evenings and can be enjoyed on the hotel’s terrace.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
A communal children’s playground is available on site.
There is a 24-hour reception on site.
The nearest airport is Alicante Airport, 79 km from the property.
A fireplace provides extra comfort in each room at The Stone Gate Inn Bed & Breakfast.
Cookware and dishware are provided. Room service is available.
A complimentary buffet breakfast is served each morning in Dioni Hotel's elegant restaurant.
The restaurant offers daily breakfast and room service.
OkDubaiHolidays - Residence South also includes a fitness centre.
Bathroom facilities are shared.
Fan-cooled rooms come fitted with a comfortable sofa, satellite TV and safety deposit box.
In summer, several scenic cycling and hiking trails start on the premises.
The in-house restaurant serves a delectable menu of local and international cuisines.
bathroom, air-co, private safe, hairdryer, direct dial phone, plus a 24 hr reception.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
L'Ametlla de Mar Train Station is 400 metres from the property.
Guests can enjoy a view from all the rooms.
Santa Maria Maggiore Basilica is 400 metres away.
Private bathrooms come with a shower and free toiletries.
This hotel is directly opposite Cork Airport with a free shuttle service.
For guests arriving by train, Paola Train Station is 14 km away.
La Moneda metro station and La Moneda government house are both 150 metres from the property.
Guests can also have a meal at the on-site canteen.
Musse is located in Blåvand. It accommodates six people.
Bicycles and Nordic Walking poles can be rented.
Rafting on Cetina River and hiking in Omiš can be organised by the owners upon request.
It offers luxurious accommodation with a fully equipped kitchen and free Wi-Fi.
Ascoli Piceno is 46 km from Sonia's Apartments.
There are computers for guest use.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi access is available.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
This intimate Uppsala hotel is housed in a 19th-century building, 100 metres from the Uppsala Cathedral.
A desk is included for added convenience. An en suite bathroom is also included.
Each guestroom is equipped with a cable TV and a closet.
A wide variety of restaurants and cafés are located within a 10-minute walk.
All apartments have a living room and kitchen, while rooms have an en suite bathroom.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The property also offers free onsite parking.
The private bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
Mavi Apart is a self-catering accommodation located in Atasehir.
The property offers free parking.
Free parking is provided.
Each has a TV and a modern bathroom with shower.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning.
The coastal towns of Can Picafort and Alcudia are within a 30-minute drive of the property.
The hotel is equipped with a 24-hour front desk and tour desk.
Free WiFi access is available.
Pacoche Murcia is just 5 minutes’ walk from the city’s old bridge over the River Segura.
The apartments also offer a balcony with mountain views.
The A-4 and M-50 Motorways are a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
The first floor has a spacious seating area and a bedroom with a box-spring bed.
The historic centre is 1 km away.
Here, you can rent bikes for free and ride around the green surroundings.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
El Campin Coliseum is 8 km from Hotel Golden, while El Campin Stadium is 8 km away.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas of the property.
Wi-Fi is free here.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
No meals are served at the property, but guests can prepare their own meals using the kitchen.
It offers bright interiors and a separate kitchen.
The penthouse has its own private plunge pool.
Some rooms have skylights.
It offers free WiFi access throughout.
The Tuscany Relax wellness area features a spa tub, sauna, and Turkish bath.
Imperial Valley Mall is 7 minutes’ walk away.
Various cafes and shops can be found within a 5-minute walk of Apartment Zwezdochet.
After a long day on the ski slopes, guests can unwind in the on-site sauna area.
Free WiFi access is available.
Deni̇z Alanya Ci̇ty Otel has a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
It offers a bike rental service and free parking.
This hotel has a garden with an outdoor heated swimming pool and a terrace. Free Wi-Fi access is available.
A coffee machine, kitchenware and toaster are also provided.
Free private, on-site parking is provided.
The resort uses fair trade products.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Drinks are served in the lounge with rattan chairs.
Muelle de las Almas is 15 km away.
Hakone Elegance is a 10-minute walk from the Oshiba bus station.
The property is about 20 km from both the Adriatic and the Ionian coasts.
Bed sheets are included, and towels are available for to rent.
Each has a TV and a private bathroom with shower.
Narimanovo Airport is 9 km away.
The owner’s tavern serves breakfast, lunch and dinner 1 km from the property.
Playa del Carmen Maritime Terminal is 5 km from Mareazul by Moskito.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Other facilities offered include luggage storage and laundry.
Good, home-style cooking, including seasonal specialities, awaits you in the Schwalbennest’s restaurant.
The nearest airport is Hartsfield-Jackson Airport 33 km away.
Jodhpur Airport is a 10-minute drive away. .
The unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and microwave. A flat-screen TV is featured.
The apartment will provide you with a flat-screen TV featuring cable channels.
Tianhe Coach Terminal is a 23-minute drive away.
Each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
The Sofia University Tube Station is 800 metres away.
The nearest airport is Salzburg Airport, 62 km from Ferienhaus Elisabeth.
It is open all year and offers free Wi-Fi access and a fully equipped kitchen.
The bathroom comes with a bathtub.
At the Vallier Pond, less than 2 km away, there is a leisure area with an indoor heated swimming pool.
Hamrafoss Holiday Home offers accommodation in Foss a Sidu, right by Kirkjubæjarklaustur.
A TV and DVD player, as well as a laptop are available.
The Basilica of Saint John Lateran is a 10-minute walk away.
The guest house is 100 metres from George Kountouriotis Manor.
The centre of Zadar is a 10-minute bus ride away from Villa Gravic.
Rooms at Hotel Park Hirosaki feature a simple yet comfortable setting.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Onnicha Hotel is centrally located with a 5-minute drive to the centre of Phuket.
The hotel’s Express Bar serves cocktails and refreshing drinks at the lobby area.
Each house features a living room with a TV and laundry facilities.
Lake Elsinore is 28 miles away.
There is also an electric kettle. Shared bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
This 2-room apartment has an area of 24 m2 and is on the 1st floor, on an east facing position.
The stylish rooms have hard-wood floors and neutral décor.
Six golf courses are within a 20 minutes’ drive of the Courtyard Phoenix.
A TV with cable channels is provided.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Guests can enjoy a daily continental breakfast during their stay.
The popular beach of Schinias is a 5-minute walk from Golden Coast Hotel & Bungalows.
There is also a sauna available on site, which can be used free of charge 2 times per week.
International dishes can be ordered at the property’s restaurant.
Guests will find a bar within 50 metres.
The nearest airport is Minsk-2 Airport, 30 km from the property.
Visby is within 40 minutes’ drive.
The Sushi Bar is also available.
University of Southern California is 20 minutes’ walk from the homestay.
It can accommodate four people.
In summer, outdoor table tennis is also available.
An umbrella and 2 chairs are offered for the beach.
All travel related arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Apartments Novak is situated 38 km from Pula Airport.
Free public parking is available in front of Bregovi Apartment.
The apartment is a 15-minute walk from Lyon Part-Dieu Train Station.
A wide variety of bars and restaurants is located within a 5-minute walk.
The rooms feature a flat-screen TV and have a shower cubicle and a wash basin in the corner.
Lübeck’s Old Town district is a 5-minute walk from the Park Hotel.
Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
Karersee is 15 minutes' drive away.
The nearest airport is Ataturk Airport, 21.5 km from the property.
Benjamin Matienzo airport is 13 km from the property.
Free parking space is available on site.
Meals can be served indoors or outdoors on the terrace.
Kinosaki Marine World is a 10-minute drive.
Its spacious rooms have elegant bathrooms, TV and free Wi-Fi.
Valencia Airport is 8 km away.
The hotel features 24-hour room service with a selection of dishes.
The resort has a year-round outdoor pool and children's playground, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
Cool drinks are available at E-Bar and Cigar Lounge.
Guest rooms of the Residencial Melba have a private bathroom and satellite TV.
Meals can be enjoyed out on the terrace accompanied by superb mountain views.
The air-conditioned villa has rooms with mountain and pool views.
The popular Szymoszkowa Ski Complex is only 3 km away.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Free in-room WiFi is available.
Guests at the Hilton Garden can dine in the restaurant or grab a snack from the 24-hour convenience store.
The 24-hour Market offers a small selection of snacks
Brussels Airport is located 13 km from the property.
Microwaves and refrigerators are standard in Obertal Inn rooms.
The Pinares de Rodeno Nature Reserve is set 3 km from the apartments.
The airport is a 1-hour drive away.
Suites have a separate living room and a minibar.
Car and bike rentals can be arranged by the 24-hour reception.
The village of Torhout is located close to some medieval castles and beautiful forests.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Modena is 45 km from the property, while Bologna can be reached in less than 1.5 hours’ drive.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing massage.
No meals are served.
Myokoku-ji Temple is about a 10-minute drive away.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
They include a minibar, hairdryer and pay-per-view channels.
Guests can also explore the surrounding area where a culinary area is reachable within a 20-minute drive.
Rocafort Metro Station is just outside the door.
Guests can also prepare their own meals at the fully equipped kitchens.
Agrigento is 16 km away.
The property offers free private parking on site and a fitness centre.
The en suite bathroom has a hairdryer.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
At a surcharge, guests have access a hot tub and a sauna.
There is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
Air-conditioning is also provided in every room.
A dishwasher is also available.
The rooms include a shared bathroom.
A daily breakfast is available and included for certain rates.
This family-run complex features a terrace and apartments with a private balcony.
The accommodation is fitted with a TV. There is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher.
Spa services and facilities are available for a fee.
Bari International Airport is a 40-minute drive away.
Guests benefit from balcony and a terrace.
Benidorm is 46 km from Doña Pilar, while Alicante is 9 km away.
Other facilities at Apartment Kozma include a barbecue.
The attached bathroom comes with shower facility, towels and slippers.
Livi Paradise Apartments also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
The Main Train Station is 550 metres from the property, while Zagreb Airport is 14 km away.
Guests can enjoy hiking and cycling in the surrounding countryside.
At Apart Lima 265 you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Each comes with an LCD TV, minibar and a seating area.
Rooms are equipped with private bathrooms and air conditioning.
The Grächen Bus Stop is 250 metres away.
A business centre and fitness centre are provided at Wenatchee La Quinta Inn and Suites.
Free private parking and free bike rental are available at the hotel.
A garage for motorcycles and bicycles is provided, and the centre of Seeboden can be reached in a 3-minute walk.
The hotel’s restaurant has a terrace next to the river.
Adler-Sochi International Airport is 39 km from the property.
A business center with fax and copy services is on site.
The bus station Stühlingen Rathaus is next to the property.
A continental breakfast serving homemade products is provided each morning at Château de Buffavent.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
The property’s terrace overlooks the centre of the village.
Linen is provided.
You can sit and relax at the hotel’s large courtyard in the shade of umbrellas.
Falcon Hotel is a 20-minute drive from the edge of the beautiful Brecon Beacons.
The complex features panoramic views of the coast.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
General facilities at Getberget include a sauna, a barbeque area and bicycle rental.
Shuttle services are offered with an extra charge.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
They hold up to 6 people.
A bus stop with links to Monselice and Padua is just opposite the property.
All the rooms come with a satellite TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
A supermarket, a restaurant and a bar are 600 metres away.
The property offers free parking on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
The A3 motorway is a 40-minute drive away.
Other facilities at Siddy Apartment include a terrace.
Maison D'Anse Royale features free WiFi .
An extensive breakfast buffet is served in the morning.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Hoang Yen Restaurant serves a buffet breakfast, while local dishes are available at Lotus Restaurant.
The homestay also offers car hire.
Farkonia hotel is a holiday paradise for all seasons.
Shops are at 100m, restaurants at 800m from the property.
For your comfort, you will find bath robes and slippers.
Many restaurants, bars and shops can be found within 10 minutes’ walk of the house.
The Hotel Les Arolles provides on-site ski rental.
The hotel offers free Wi-Fi access at all areas.
Free private parking is available on site.
King Fahd Stadium is 12 km from Rokn Rahati Alnozhah.
A fitness centre and a guest launderette are also provided.
Hotel Janeiro also offers a regular entertainment programme.
The center of Åbenrå is 10 km away. Shops and restaurants are available within 200m.
There are many popular shops, bars and restaurants nearby.
This holiday home is 7 km from Husein Sastranegara Airport.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
Hampton Inn Seaford’s reception is open 24/7.
All rooms have simple furniture and are decorated in warm colours.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Within a 5 minute walk away from the property guests can find various restaurants, clubs and bars.
There is also a supermarket within 5 minutes ́ drive.
You will find a 24-hour front desk and hairdresser's at the property.
Each modern room at Hotel Eurostars Toledo features attractive parquet floors and contemporary décor.
Tivat Airport is 22 km away.
Shower facilities and toiletries are in the en suite bathroom.
Barbecue and seafood specialities are also available.
Asian cuisine and fresh seafood is served at the hotel’s signature s.e.a restaurant.
Guests can choose from guest rooms and self-catering options.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
You can explore Aiako-Harria Nature Reserve, which is 5 km from the house.
It offers bright bedrooms, home-cooked food, free Wi-Fi and free parking.
The Grandom Suites offer a free daily cleaning service, including the kitchen.
Several hiking trails start directly on the premises.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
Vidin’s city centre is about 700 metres from Tangra Hotel.
It is Conveniently located 3.2 km from the University of Texas at San Antonio
The kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a toaster, as well as a coffee machine.
They have a private bathroom featuring a bathtub and shower.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV. Each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property, including the garden.
Wi-Fi access is free in all public areas.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Each one has a private bathroom, and most also have a balcony.
There is free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel.
A bath and shower can be found in the private bathroom.
The sea town of Fano is a 20-minute drive from Marche Holiday Hill.
The nearest airport is Astana International Airport, 12 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy local dishes at the restaurants located around the property.
The property is 6 km from Grand Stage at Mezaparks and 9.5 km from the Old Town.
The 1-bedroom apartment features a living room with a sofa bed and a dining table.
Shuttles to the Gala Yuzawa ski field stop right in front of the ryokan.
You will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room.
The nearest bus stop is 100 metres away for buses to Falconara Marittima and Numana.
Pag Lace Gallery and Salt Museum, are within a 2-km radius.
Sightseeing arrangements and car rental services are available at the tour desk.
Reus Airport is 24 km from the property.
Chinatown and Soho a few minutes’ walk away, and Piccadilly Circus is a 5-minute walk.
A drinks vending machine is available in the lobby.
During mild weather, lunch is served in a wide veranda that opens onto the pine wood.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. The property offers free parking.
Strbske Pleso and the Bachledova Dolina Ski Area are 18 km away.
Il Perseo's reception and bar are open 24 hours a day.
Guests can watch cable TV with HBO or listen to the radio in each room.
Rooms have a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Local drinks and international beverages are offered at Mlyn Bar.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen.
Woodbridge Park and Wrag Barn golf clubs are both within a 10-minute drive from the White Hart.
The nearest airport is Split Airport, 15 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is available.
Some rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
A studio apartment is offered at Cosy Place 24.
S.S. Klondike National Historic Site is 7 minutes’ drive away.
Simply decorated, rooms here are all fitted with wooden flooring.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
All guest rooms feature an en-suite bathroom and a balcony.
Flamingo International Airport is just 1 km away.
Both local and international meals and beverages are served at DeliLah Restaurant for guests’ convenience.
Extras include bed linen.
The nearest airport is Lensk Airport, 6 km from Economy Hotel Fortuna.
Some offer full views of the lake.
The bathroom has a shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
Select rooms come with a TV and telephone.
Palermo is 44 km away.
A free large private parking area is available on site.
Malad Gorge State Park is 23 miles away.
A ski slope is located next to the property.
The bed and breakfast is 400 metres from Domburgsche Golfclub.
Rooms are clean and comfortable and offer views of the sea, Victoria Harbour and the cityscape.
Every room at Principe di Vallescura has a balcony with sea views.
Bodrum Castle is 1.1 km from Bodrum Marma Hotel Bodrum City, while Halikarnas Club is 1.1 km from the property.
Mount Ulriken, the tallest mountain in Bergen, is only 100 metres from the hostel.
Each is fitted with a cable TV.
It takes 5 minutes by car from the motel to Pantai Cenang and Muzium Padi (Rice Museum).
Jaarbeurs Conference Centre is 20 minutes away by car.
Restaurants are located 50 metres away.
A free continental breakfast is served from June through September.
Free private parking is available on site.
Many other beaches can be found nearby, such as Es Carbo Beach, a 10-minute drive away.
Some also have a balcony.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
Most have balconies furnished with chairs.
Mansion JJ is a 10-minute walk from Nana Skytrain Station.
The living room has a flat-screen TV and DVD player.
Riviera Maya Mini-hotel in the center of St. Petersburg features free WiFi throughout the property.
Activities in the surrounding area include water sports and fishing.
Guests at the Olympic can dine in the dining room, which is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The hotel is surrounded by numerous dining options in Chinatown.
For meals, enjoy Thai and Russian cuisines at the on-site U Ksenii Restaurant.
Free public parking is available on site.
The 2 children also get a free full breakfast when accompanied by an adult eating a full breakfast.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge with library.
It features wood-beamed ceilings and tiled floors.
Holiday home Mørkholtvej offers a garden, BBQ facilities and a terrace.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can relax with a drink in the bar and the hotel also provides a 24-hour reception.
A veloergometer can be used free of charge.
Guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area.
The nearest airport is Split Airport, 53 km from the property.
Cutlery, a refrigerator and a tea/coffee maker can be found in the kitchens.
Guests can spend days lounging on the sun loungers by the pool.
Some rooms include a seating area where you can relax. Some units have views of the sea or pool.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Free private parking is available on site.
TV rental is possible at an extra charge.
There is also a dining table.
The two private bathrooms come with showers.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 43 km from Hotel Demira.
Airport shuttle is available, at a surcharge.
The unit is fitted with a kitchenette.
Antonio Nariño Airport can be reached in a 40-minute drive. The town’s centre can be reached ina short 5-minute walk.
Palace Room Restaurant serves an à la carte menu each evening for an elegant fine-dining experience.
It offers free parking and 4 dining options.
Shared bathroom are available.
The property offers free parking.
Dalaman Airport is 28 km away.
Spacious private parking is available.
Holiday home Fløden is located in Nørager and can accommodate up to eight people.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
The Pesto Italian restaurant serves traditional Piattini, which are small savoury dishes.
Wi-Fi access at the hotel is free.
Essential kitchenware is also there.
It provides free private parking.
San Martín Square is 9 km from Alcala House, while Museum of the Santa Inquisicion is 9 km from the property.
It features free parking.
This motel is just 1 mile from the University of Houston – Victoria.
The distance to Batumi Airport is 10 km from the property.
Some also have a fully equipped kitchen.
Every room at the property includes elegant chalet-style décor with a TV.
Murcia-San Javier Airport is 27 km from the property.
It operates a 24-hour front desk and features an outdoor pool.
Rooms feature a balcony and shared bathroom with hairdryer.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is featured .
Lower Nimpkish River Provincial Park is 15 minutes’ drive away.
Each includes a TV and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
The apartment is 1.3 km from Holy Transfiguration Monastery.
The Alcazaba de Busquístar is located in the heart of the Sierra Nevada Nature Reserve.
The classical Hardwicke Hall Manor Hotel has free onsite parking.
It offers free Wi-Fi and simply furnished rooms.
Each offers an independent entrance, air conditioning, and an LCD TV.
Water sports and fishing are available at the Lake Thun.
Guests can relax on the garden or take a walk along the lakeshore.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
The Danube River is located 1.4 km from the property.
There is a river trail on the property, where lure and fly fishing can be practiced.
Some units include a dining area and/or terrace.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Free on-site parking is offered.
The property offers an number of bicycles that guests can use free of charge.
Dining at Bistro-bar Le Quatre- Temps is available and spacious rooms include free Wi-Fi.
A fully equipped kitchen, dining area and living room with a sofa are included in each house.
It offers beautiful countryside views and a quiet location.
In summer, the restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and serves both local and national dishes.
Fan-cooled rooms boast a private terrace with sea views.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
It also has a washing machine and ironing facilities.
The hotel's restaurant serves various lunch and dinner items inspired by the Dutch and French cuisine.
Currency exchange is available.
A launderette is available as well.
Apartment Schullehrer enjoys a calm location 150 metres from the centre of Kauns.
Situated in the centre of Maastricht, the residence is just a 1-minute walk away from the Vrijthof.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the bar, lobby, reception area and on the terrace.
A kitchenette, living area and garden are available at the cottage, which is located in An Bang Village.
The property also features a shared kitchen, a book exchange and a safety deposit box.
Guests can start their day with a breakfast every morning and half board can be also served in the on-site restaurant.
A flat-screen TV is available.
The University of Alaska is 4.5 miles from the hotel.
All rooms are fitted with a TV with cable channels.
Puerto Madero neighbourhood is 1.5 km away and Retiro Bus Terminal is 2 km away.
The guest house also offers free use of bicycles.
Rooms are furnished with a telephone and TV providing satellite channels.
The restaurant serves traditional Tyrolean cuisine.
The Feldtal bus stop is only 5 minutes away from the Hessengüetli.
Each is equipped with a small fridge, hairdryer and a satellite TV with music channels.
Olympic Stadium is 9 km from Villa Osokorky, while Expocentre of Ukraine is 9 km from the property.
A bus, with direct connections to the seaside, stops 300 metres from the Della Pace.
Guests enjoy a free bottle of wine.
Anjani Restaurant serves western and Indonesian dishes at the hotel.
Parisgaja features free WiFi throughout the property.
Bright and spacious, all air-conditioned studios and apartments open out to a furnished balcony.
The private bathroom comes with a hairdryer, shower and toiletries.
The property is a 7-minute drive from Huancavelica train station.
The nearest restaurants and stores are within walking distance from the property.
All of the stylish rooms have a balcony and are well-equipped.
A microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchenette.
Some rooms have views of the mountain or garden.
Free private parking is possible on site.
WiFi access is available.
The nearest airport is Cardiff Airport, 28 km from Ship Bungalow.
The nearest airport is Palanga International Airport, 62 km from the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The air-conditioned rooms at the Matarese come with TV and tiled floors.
Set on 2 floors, the property offers air conditioning and a kitchen with dishwasher.
Rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Voronok Train Station is 2.5 km from the property.
The city of Genoa and Cristoforo Colombo Airport are within 42 km of the property.
The resort is located within a 2 hr drive from the south of Hanoi.
Other facilities offered include a luggage storage and a laundry. The property offers free parking.
Free private parking is available on site.
At Elizabeth House you will find barbecue facilities.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
There is a seating area and a kitchen.
The property offers free parking.
DeLaCruz is located in Marsaskala, 500 metres from the seafront.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Guests can lounge at the large sundeck, or arrange day trips at the tour desk.
Private parking is possible on site for free.
A restaurant is located in a neighbouring building and a grocery store is within 150 metres.
Ngurah Rai International Airport is 5 km away.
The property also offers free parking.
Bear Tree Park is a 30-minute drive away.
Each unit is equipped with a TV, fan and electric blankets.
The complex is situated in the centre of Playa del Carmen, just 2 blocks from lively Fifth Avenue.
This apartment is 100 metres from the centre of Samoëns and from the stop of the free shuttle bus, which brings to the ski slopes.
Guests have free access to a gym, a sauna and bicycles.
Amenities include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The Berlin speciality, Currywurst, is served at the Dom Curry, 180 metres away from the hotel.
Free parking is also available.
Prescott Forest Villas Hotel offers a large selection of beer, wine and champagne.
Some apartments have a fully equipped kitchen and a balcony.
Hotel U Kvapilů offers accommodation in Mnichovo Hradiště, nearby the town centre.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Romana is set on Alcossebre’s sea-front promenade and is a 5-minute walk from the resort centre.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The Bascom: Center for the Visual Arts is 650 metres away from the property.
Echo Beach is 3.4 km from Lasala Villas.
At The Grace Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Phuket International Airport is a 1-hour drive from the hotel.
The resort of Albena is 5 km and Golden Sands is 7 km away from Hotel Varna.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
Free barbecue facilities are at guests ́ disposal.
Indochina 2 Hotel is located in the heart of Hanoi’s central business district.
In the mornings, guests can enjoy a rich buffet breakfast prepared with fresh, local ingredients.
The kitchen features a microwave. A TV is featured.
Bohemia Plaza is 150 metres from the property, and Cape Palos is a 10-minute drive away.
Alicante Airport is 12 km away.
Free parking is available.
Free private parking is possible on site.
There is a dining area that seats 4 people, and the bathroom features large windows and a bathtub.
Box Hostel n Cafe is located in Chiang Mai, 300 metres from Kad Suan Kaew Shopping Centre.
Some apartments provide a dishwasher.
Breakfast and dinner are served every day in the dining room.
It departs from the Hotel every 15 minutes.
Bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
Airport shuttle is available at a surcharge.
Free WiFi is available in public areas.
The Saadian Tombs are 15 minutes away by foot.
There is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
Galway is 43 km from Craglea Lodge, while Ennis is 26 km away.
The accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning.
San Siro Stadium is 2.3 km from Certosa Loft.
Upon request, an experienced masseuse can give guests a relaxing massage in their villa.
Drinks, live music and views of the ocean are available at the hotel’s bar.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
The apartments also include a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee machine.
Westend Underground Station is a 3-minute walk from the Westend Frankfurt Apartment.
Various massage treatments can be arranged at a surcharge.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Prague is 37 km from Sportovní areál Horní Počaply, while Teplice is 47 km away.
Almaty Train Station is about 1.5 km away.
Each room is equipped with a TV and a seating area with a low table and seating cushions.
Baku Airport is a 20-minute drive away, and the hotel offers a shuttle service on request.
Typical meals from Minas Gerais state are served at Taverna do Cônego restaurant.
En suite private bathrooms come with toiletries.
The surrounding beaches are popular for water sports.
Michigan International Speedway is a 1 hour drive away.
The nearest airport is Naples International Airport, 62 km from the property.
Offering a restaurant, Bivouac Morocco Safari Tours is located in Merzouga.
This Holiday Inn is located off US Highway 59/271, and is 32 miles from Fort Smith.
Breakfast is served in each apartment.
It is 20 minutes’ drive from Darwin International Airport.
Hanoi Old Centre Hotel is 45 km from Noi Bai International Airport.
Monopoli is 9 km from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, ticketing service and a tour desk.
It offers self-catering accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
The beach area offers free parasols and free sunbeds.
Hostal Luz de Luna Nuyoo offers accommodation in Oaxaca City.
This holiday park is situated on Åland Island, 12 km from central Godby.
Enjoy free Wi-Fi internet access.
Some units feature a terrace and/or patio with garden views.
White River National Forest is 80 miles away from Red River Inn.
Guests can relax in the lounge area.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, hob, washing machine and microwave.
A microwave and a small refrigerator are found in each classically decorated room at the Best Western Plus Bessemer.
The Golconda Fort is 38 km away.
En suite laundry facilities are available.
The Liiva Train Station is 280 metres away.
Mariehamn Airport is located 21 km away.
Extras include slippers and a hair dryer.
Hotel Ciudad de Vigo features classic décor and antique furniture.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
Guesthouse on Kati Solovyanovoy 113 features free WiFi .
Santo Stino di Livenza Station is a 25-minute drive from the property.
This self-catering accommodation features free Wi-Fi.
Akademicheskaya and Politekhnicheskaya metro stations are a 5-minute walk away.
Stariy Zamok offers free private parking on site.
All the rooms are simply furnished and fitted with tiled floors.
At Mesari Beach Inn & Stables you will find a terrace.
Beijing Nanyuan Airport is 42 km from the property.
Sunshine Coast Airport is a 35-minute drive away.
Local specialities are served here and on the attractive garden terrace.
Watersports such as snorkelling and diving can be arranged on site.
The property is 500 metres from the Saxon Garden.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
In addition to flat-screen TV, each has a sofa, tea/coffee maker and a refrigerator.
Extra spacious suites and villas all open out on to private balconies with views of the infinity pool and the sea.
Guests also benefit from free parking facilities.
Wicomico Ocean City Arport is 24 km away.
A wide variety of bars and restaurants can be found in the area.
Nearest bar, restaurant and grocery shop are also in the immediate vicinity.
The private bathroom is equipped with free toiletries.
Guests can use the rooftop terrace and free Wi-Fi connection in public areas.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV.
The kitchens include a pantry area and refrigerator.
The air-conditioned rooms come with a dry rack and a fan.
For your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
It is 9 km from Ahmedabad Airport and 30 km from the town of Gandhinagar.
24-hour reception and a guest launderette are featured at Inn Harbor.
Free parking is provided.
Room service is provided upon request.
For active leisure, it offers a sports court for tennis and football.
They also boast a private balcony overlooking the ocean or gardens.
The accommodations will provide you with a kitchen, a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
Bicycle/ski storage facilities with a boot dryer are available on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
Relaxation options include a sauna and a shared lounge.
A balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 25 km from the property.
The property offers a sauna, a water bike and a boat.
Free public parking is also available.
Room service is available.
The kitchen also features a dining room and a TV with satellite channels.
Paradise Beach is 1.1 km from Pension Saskia, while Aliki Beach is 6 km away.
Bathrooms have hot-water showers and a hairdryer.
The apartment comprises a living room with a TV, a kitchen and a desk.
Guests enjoy free parking.
There is a washing machine and a tumble dryer; and the bathroom is completed with a hairdryer.
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve is 10 km from the Pacific Rim Water’s Edge.
Larnaka International Airport is 65 km away from the villa.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is offered.
Italian specialities can be enjoyed in the Ristorante Toscana.
The apartment also offers satellite TV and a covered balcony.
The guesthouse is located on Praia da Camiranga Beach.
City of Dania Beach Marina is located 7.5 km away from the property.
Airport shuttle services can be arranged for an extra fee.
The hotel is located in front of Notre-Dame Basilica and is a 10-minute walk from Place Massena.
The nearest airport is Lanzarote Airport, 22 km from Villa 146, El Golfo.
A 24-hour front desk with concierge service is offered at Inn Napa Winery.
The rooms are elegantly decorated with period furnishings and have wrought-iron beds.
Free parking spaces are available on site.
A bread delivery service is available upon request and against a surcharge.
Featuring air conditioning, EightyFour offers accommodation in Il-Gżira.
It is located in the heart of Guayaquil, 7 blocks from Guayas River.
Free private parking is available on site.
Other dining venues include Kadaka Terrace Coffee & Cakes and the poolside Mayang Sari.
The closest bus stop is 500 metres from Villa Pelekanos.
Free public parking is possible on site.
The living room includes a DVD player, a radio and a TV with satellite channels.
Rooms also have a TV, radio, hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
Located in Rome, Rome Ostiense is 400 metres from Piramide Metro Station.
Room service is also available.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning.
There is a separate washing and drying room in the basement of the apartment building.
Accommodation at Butussi Villa is air conditioned and comes with wood floors, a TV and a fridge.
This 3-bedroom villa will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
City’s main railway station, Gdańsk Główny, is only 300 metres away.
Guests can visit the Domus Aurea, a 5-minute walk from the Kambal.
The property is a 25-minute drive from Monopoli, on the Apulian Coast.
King Abdul Aziz Street is a 10-minute walk away.
Basak Otel is just a 12-minute walk from the Mevlana Museum and Tomb.
Ibis rooms have modern wood furnishings and are decorated in neutral colours.
Motel Evropa offers pet-friendly accommodation in Sychkovo.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a fridge and a stovetop.
Relax in the garden at Hotel Quattro Strade.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Bicycles can be rented at the front desk.
There is a restaurant and bar and guests can have fun at the water park and bowling alley.
The nearest airport is Stuttgart Airport, 53 km from the property.
Samui Airport is located 12 km away.
Popular activities in the area include skiing and hiking.
The pools are surrounded by loungers and there are large sun terraces.
You can enjoy sea view from the room.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Residence Inn Houston is 17.9 miles from downtown Houston.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The 24-hour reception includes a tour desk.
The spacious rooms are all air-conditioned.
Hostal Babia has bar and a restaurant.
A breakfast service is available and includes homemade jams and local products.
The B&B’s interior features wood floors and large windows.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be found in the town and the edge of the Dordogne River is a 10-minute drive away.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries and a snack bar.
Guests can rent refrigerators from the front desk.
A wide variety of bars and restaurants is a 10-minute walk away.
Certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
Rotterdam Central Station is 15 minutes by tram.
Luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
Free private parking is also available at this hotel.
Private parking is provided.
The kitchenette comes with a fridge, electric kettle and kitchen utensils.
Featuring free WiFi, Guesthouse Zhemchuzhina offers accommodation in Loo.
Shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
Uddevalla city centre is a 40-minute drive from the camping site.
Each comes with a private bathroom, cable TV and heating.
The Orlando Premium Outlets and SeaWorld Orlando are both within 20 minutes’ drive of the properties.
They ensure fast connections to key destinations across the city.
The nearest airport is Vaclav Havel Prague Airport, 11 km from the property.
The two bathrooms come with a toilet and shower.
A sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is served daily.
There are plenty of bars and restaurants within a 5-minute walk of the apartment.
At Villa Campo del mar you will find a private beach area Other facilities like a children's playground are offered. The property offers free parking.
The hotel also houses a business centre and a tour desk.
The nearest airport is Faro Airport, 88 km from Casa da Felicidade.
they have either shared or private bathroom facilities.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free WiFi access is provided in all rooms and common areas.
Parking at the property is free.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Each room includes a TV and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Petitenget Temple is 900 metres from Royal Samaja Villas.
This small hotel is 600 metres from Fagersta Norra Train Station.
It offers large rooms with a balcony.
The private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
To start a day, there is a rich buffet breakfast served.
Breakfast and pre-dinner provisions will be provided during your stay.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Other facilities at Apartment Oba include a sauna and fitness centre.
All units at the Delta offer a minibar, a safe and a dressing table.
There is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
At Villa Mrestilishte, a terrace is as the guests’ disposal. The property offers free parking.
Noto is 8 km from Colonia Marina. Marzameni is 20 km away.
The rooms are air conditioned and include a TV with DVD player.
Private daily yoga classes are available.
Also there's a washing machine.
A dishwasher, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
The city of Thiers is just a 20-minute drive away.
Restaurants and a grocery store are within easy walking distance.
You can play tennis at this guest house, and the area is popular for horse riding.
The restaurant is located on the outdoor terrace, which overlooks the Bodrum peninsula and mountains.
The property is less than one mile from Brooklawn Golf Course.
The property is a 15-minute drive from Taman Anggrek Shopping Centre and Central Park Bus Station.
Guests can enjoy meals and drinks in the on-site brasserie or on the terrace.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven and a fridge and there is a private bathroom.
All rooms also include a work desk and a DVD player.
Staff at the 24-hour front desk can attend to guests’ requests.
There is also a 99 Sushi Bar & Restaurant.
Mia, Alex and Frederic are looking forward to have you as their guests.
The guest rooms are modern in style and offer satellite TV and a minibar.
Guests can enjoy snacks and Russian dishes in the evenings, or relax in the bar with a drink.
Aswan Airport is 20 minutes by car.
Laundry services can be arranged upon request.
The property is located 150 metres from the Vittel Train Station.
It features various sports courts, an outdoor swimming pool, sauna and fitness facilities and a restaurant.
It offers free Wi-Fi access, a wooden terrace with outdoor furniture and a shared living room.
All rooms include a TV with satellite channels.
All units feature a kitchenette with kitchenware, fridge and stove.
At Pilot Whale Chalets you will find a garden.
The nearest airport is Milan Linate Airport, 2 km from Parea House.
Your Trullo hut at the Valle Incantata consists of 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, and a kitchen.
Chennai Airport is 40 km away.
A mini market is available on site.
The hotel is a 10-minute drive from Siantar Waterpark and 1 hour away from Lake Toba.
There is a fully equipped kitchen present that includes a dishwasher and a microwave.
There is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
It is about 40 minutes from Dresden, Chemnitz or the Czech border.
Guests can arrange day trips and airport shuttles at the tour desk.
You can walk to Vilnius Railway Station in 10 minutes.
The apartment will provide you with a balcony.
Beyaz Kugu Evleri is located in Izmir and offers self-catering accommodation.
Some bathrooms offer a bathtub and separate shower facilities.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 27 km from the property.
Featuring a garden, Guesthouse Lautasevic is set in Petrovac na Moru in the Budva County Region. Budva is 18 km from the property.
The apartment is a 30-minute drive from El Rodadero Beach and 3 km from Simon Bolivar Airport.
The on-site restaurant specialises in classic Italian cuisine and regional dishes.
The lounge area has a sofa and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The kitchen features a dishwasher.
Hotel Rey Chindasvinto offers traditional, rustic accommodation in the Medieval village of Covarrubias.
Guests enjoy fresh fruits and juice, plus regional cakes and breads.
At Rosa you will find barbecue facilities and free parking.
At Holiday home Slåenvænget Rudkøbing XII you will find a terrace. Other facilities include a swing and sandpit.
An airport shuttle is available upon request.
Golfo Aranci is a 20-minute drive away.
The Helena Regional Airport is just 11 minutes' drive away.
Snacks and refreshments can also be purchased at the on-site convenience store.
It can accommodate up to 8 people.
Breakfast is available.
The nearest airport is Sao Paulo/Congonhas Airport, 9 km from the property.
Republic Square is a 10-minute walk away.
It has a restaurant, garden and fitness centre.
West Lake is 8 km from the property.
Further dining options are located in the city centre, only 3.5 km away.
The Villa Belvedere is peacefully situated in Belgrade, 7 km from the airport.
Wroclaw – Copernicus Airport is located 11 km away.
The residence offers studios and apartments with balcony or terrace.
Free bicycle use is also offered.
Internet is free at the hotel.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Most have a kitchenette with a dining table.
A buffet-style breakfast is offered daily and includes cereals, fruit and homemade jam.
There are marked hiking and cycling trails in the grounds.
Most rooms have view of the surrounding landscaped gardens.
Free on-site parking is available as well.
Guests can organise sightseeing trips at the tour desk.
Some rooms come with dining area and and a kitchenette.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The onsite restaurant serves Indian, Chinese and continental delights.
Guests can also enjoy a drink by the fireplace in the hotel’s bar, Le Salon Saint Lazare.
The outdoor lounge features a fountain and a cactus garden.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
Guests can also go jogging along the nearby Alster Lake or through the Planten un Blomen park.
During summer, meals can be enjoyed on the outdoor terrace.
Picnic baskets are available on request.
Room service is provided.
Guests can enjoy city view from the room.
There is also a café.
Each apartment has a private bathroom.
Girona is 34 km from Apartment Blanes II, while Tossa de Mar is 13 km away.
Rooms feature contemporary décor with stylish interiors.
Amber Palanga is 600 metres from the Palanga Airport.
Guests have discounts at restaurants and pizzerias nearby.
Some rooms have balconies with city views.
Fontanarossa International Airport is 8 km away.
It takes 30 minutes by taxi from the hostel to Changi International Airport.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
A hot breakfast is served every morning.
You can also relax on the west-facing terrace with a drink from the bar.
The rooms at the Zum Kerkermeister are kept in a traditional but modern design.
All of them have native wood floors and either private or shared bathrooms with hot running water.
The Bell Arte breakfast restaurant includes a conservatory and terrace.
LAX Airport is 45 minutes’ drive away.
The private bathroom is stocked with toiletries and a hairdryer.
Apartment for 5 in Grands Boulevards and Opera Area is elegantly decorated and located in Paris.
It is 3.7 km from Ghanta Ghar and 11.2 km from the Kaylana Lake.
Simple Western and Chinese breakfast can be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant.
Luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
The nearest airport is Hervey Bay Airport, 3 km from the property.
Breakfast is served in a restaurant that also serves Polish dishes.
The hotel also offers car hire.
SM Hotel has a garden and a terrace.
Relaxation is offered by the Envoy’s lounge with computers, board games and a TV.
The nearest airport is Beijing Nanyuan Airport, 14 km from Hanting Hotel Beijing Wangfujing.
Pensiunea Denisa features free WiFi throughout the property.
There is a terrace and BBQ facilities are available on site.
Every room is fitted with a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Lisbon International Airport is a 6-minute drive from FLH Beato.
Each one has a private bathroom with a shower and toiletries.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance.
After breakfast, guests can relax on the furnished terrace.
The rooms at Barry Memle offer views to the resort’s park and some even feature lake views.
The on-site restaurant serves breakfast only.
Tuapse is 19 km away.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
You will find a terrace with garden furniture.
From its terrace you can enjoy a wonderful view towards the town of Benidorm.
The property offers bicycle rentals and free parking.
Freshly baked bread rolls are delivered on request.
It features free Wi-Fi and a furnished terrace with swimming pool.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge.
Modern rooms come with free wired internet.
The hotel also offers bike hire and car hire.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a patio.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave.
Breakfast can be served in the room.
The property offers free parking.
Extras include a fan.
The nearest airport is Paphos International Airport, 52 km from Amazing Room Limassol.
Poprad Airport is at a distance of 8 km.
You can rent aquatic sporting equipment and bikes 300 metres away.
Belongings can be stored in the personal safe.
The Season Beach is 1.2 km from Holiday Apartment in Netanya, while Blue Bay Beach is 2.7 km away.
The property is a 1-minute walk from the Vistula River.
A variety of beverages are accessible at the bar.
The surrounding area offers a range of outdoor activities, including kayaking, and cycling.
A children’s playground is available for younger guests.
Syracuse is 50 km from the property.
Rooms have a classic design with wood furniture and tiled floors.
Guests can enjoy the free WiFi and flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
There is a volley ball court, mini-football pitch and children playground.
It features a seasonal outdoor pool and spa facilities.
The property offers free public parking on the road.
Meals can be enjoyed at the hotel’s restaurant, where guests will also find a bar.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
Fitted with wooden flooring, rooms all come with a TV, minibar and fridge.
Private bathrooms come with a shower.
All rooms come with a shared toilet and a shared bathroom with shower facility.
You can enjoy it in the dining room.
Laundry facilities are a further feature of the apartment house.
Free Wi-fi is available in the lobby.
Freedom Square is 3.4 km from Apartment on Chikovani, while Heroes Square is 800 metres from the property.
The Ferienwohnungen im Blauen Haus offers 2 self-catering apartments with a shared garden.
A hearty buffet breakfast is provided each morning.
It is complete with a washing machine, safety deposit box and TV.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Apartment Magnolia.
At Albergue de Sorogain you will find a garden, a terrace and a bar.
The Casa Mia offers a homely atmosphere.
Garden views can be enjoyed from all rooms.
It offers bright and cosy accommodation with free Wi-Fi throughout the property.
Free parking is available across from the Hellen Studios.
Other facilities at Dacha Alina-Zatoka include a spacious garden with barbecue.
Santavenere’s à la carte restaurant specialises in Mediterranean cuisine.
At Hotel Basen you will find a terrace. Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
Visitors can relax poolside at the Rockport Island View Inn.
Private parking is also available at this apartment.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
The fully equipped kitchen comes with a dishwasher and microwave.
The hotel’s restaurant serves local specialities and international favourites.
Gågata shopping street is 2 minutes' walk away.
Rooms at Hotel e Pousada do Rosa - Eireli are decorated in light and tranquil colours.
Dobogoko is 43 km from Apartment Lorinci II Vecses, while Visegrád is 46 km from the property.
The property can arrange transfer to/from the airports of Florence, Bologna, Milan and Rome.
The property offers free parking.
Fenway Park is 9 miles away.
The property is 700 metres from Siófok Train Station.
At Laxå Hotel and Hostel, guests can choose accommodation with either private or shared bathroom facilities.
It is just 10 stations from Incheon Airport by Airport Limousine Bus (Number 6101).
The rooms at the property were all decorated by a team of 17 designers and artists who dedicated themselves to customizing each room.
The bathroom has shower in it.
A 5-minute to the hip Walking Street, the property provides free private parking.
Cavtat is 48 km from Kiparis, while Bar is 46 km from the property.
ZHEN Chinese Restaurant serves a fine selection of local dishes.
The air-conditioned rooms feature a TV and a wardrobe.
The shared bathroom facilties are located in the corridor.
The more spacious suites have a seating area.
All villas are bright and spacious and some offer a private pool.
Estes Park is 40 minutes’ drive from the motel.
Extra facilities include washing machine and tumble dryer.
Guests can enjoy regional meals made from fresh products in the restaurant.
Free WiFi access is available in this holiday home.
Slippers are provided and most rooms have great mountain views.
Parma is a 40-minute drive away.
The property offers free parking.
Fitted with wooden flooring, spacious air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a private bathroom and a safety deposit box.
The Sundhollin Bath is 300 metres away.
A bar is also featured.
Centrally located in Loano, Hotel Villa Mary is 1 km from the city’s train station.
Free WiFi and a 800-m2 garden are available on site.
There are indoor and outdoor dining options, and the café features a cosy open fireplace.
Inn American is 2 miles from Elm Hills Public Golf Course.
Ai Capitani is a luxury boutique hotel set right in the heart of Peschiera del Garda’s old town.
JR Kyoto Train Station is a 15-minute subway ride away.
Each air conditioned room features a balcony and comes with a minibar and a safe.
Breakfast and dinner are served each day at the hotel restaurant, while room service is also available.
They provide a cosy living space for your stay in the mountains.
Entzheim Airport is 38 km away.
A dining area is also provided.
Guests under the age of 12 can stay free of charge in their parents' room.
Johann. Freshly prepared regional dishes and vegetarian meals are served at lunch and dinner.
Varna Airport is 8 km away.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Rose Hotel offers accommodation in Da Lat.
Complimentary Wi-Fi access is provided.
You can also dine in the restaurant's winter garden.
The Olimpica ski slopes are 300 metres away.
The property is just a 10-minute drive from many local and international restaurants.
Angkor International Airport is 8 km away.
Comiso Airport is about a 35-minute drive away.
The modern rooms at Minties open onto a terrace with views of the water or old mill.
The gym’s fitness instructors can advise and help guests reach their goals.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 14 km from the property.
There are also barbecue facilities on the terrace.
Some accommodations will provide you with a TV and satellite channels.
In addition, guests are welcome to use the fitness centre.
All units include a kitchen fitted with an oven and toaster. A fridge and kettle are also offered.
It offers a restaurant, free parking and bright rooms with satellite TV.
The Lechtal cross-country ski run and the Lechtal cycling trails are close by.
Airport shuttle can be arranged for.
Some have a balcony.
Folklore Museum of Olympia is located nearby.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
There is also a snack bar serving light meals during the day.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 15 km from Modern and comfortable apartment-studio.
Enjoy a cup of tea from your terrace or balcony.
The Křizíkova Metro Station is 450 metres away.
Each room has a private bathroom.
It consists of a bedroom and a living room with a TV.
Ticketing services are available at the tour desk.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
A free transfer service from Boise Air Terminal is offered to guests.
The private bathroom in all rooms offers a shower.
It offers 2 outdoor swimming pools with views of the sea.
Utrecht is a 25-minute drive away, whilst Amsterdam is 40 minutes by car.
Air-conditioned apartments all come with a terrace, garden views and a kitchenette.
The property boasts views of the city and is 500 metres from Monument of the Warsaw Uprising.
Torbole is 7.5 km from the apartment, while Riva del Garda is a 10-minute drive away.
Located in the centre of Kamari Port, Anastasia Apartments are just 10 metres from the nearest beach.
All rooms at the Petite Verneda guest house are equipped with heating and wooden floors.
Towels are offered.
Gare de Lyon Train Station is only a 15-minute walk away.
Each room is en suite and also includes a TV.
The nearest sandy beach is 5 km away.
Guests can use the ski storage room.
Karpenisi Town is at a distance of 40 km, while Velouchi Ski Centre is 41 km away.
The Sacramento River, the River Walk, and Raley Field are an 10-minute walk.
Some rooms feature views of the mountain or lake.
From the balcony, the apartment has a view onto a garden square.
Malta International Airport is 12 km from the property.
Rijeka Airport is at a distance of 70 km.
Additional services on site include a hairdresser and a fitness coach.
Guests can make use of the business centre or rent a car to explore the surroundings by themselves.
The resort’s bus station is 200 metres from the premises.
Select rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
En suite bathrooms are equipped with hot-water showers.
Complimentary hot breakfast is served every morning.
Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport is 31 minutes' drive away.
Activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings, include table tennis.
Song Han Bridge is 700 metres from Danang Backpackers Hostel, while Cham Museum is 1.1 km away.
Cosmopolitan Parga town is at 3 km.
Towels and bed linen are available at Old Town Apartment Theo.
The property has BBQ facilities and ironing service.
It has its own garden.
Most rooms have a balcony.
Yug (South) Bus Station and Burgas Central Railway Station are each 12 km away.
Yerevan Train Station is 3 km from the apartment.
There is a restaurant on site where guests can order regional dishes a la carte.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or a drink at the bar.
Free parking is possible on site.
Extras include linen and a fan.
The Caribbean Sea is a 1.5-hour drive from the property, while Los Garzones Airport is just 15 minutes away by car.
A buffet breakfast is provided every morning in the breakfast room.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
All rooms have an en suite bathroom with a shower and a separate toilet.
The Brauhaus Zum Löwen provides a big breakfast buffet every day.
Varied breakfast buffets are prepared at the Stadthotel.
The comfortable rooms are air conditioned and have a flat-screen TV and a coffee machine.
Málaga Airport a 15-minute drive away and Málaga city centre can be reached in 20 minutes.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
Villasimius is 15 km away.
There is a 24-hour front desk, a fitness centre and gift shop at the property.
The lake is an excellent place for swimming and walking.
It offers gym, sauna and outdoor pool with sun terrace.
Free WiFi is provided .
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Camboinhas beach is only 10 metres away.
Esquel Airport is 14 km away.
It offers free Wi-Fi, a wine bar and a restaurant.
The property houses a restaurant serving a tasty selection of Sri Lankan food.
Many have wonderful views of the countryside.
This non-smoking property houses a restaurant serving a tasty selection of local dishes on site.
Every room includes a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
Bed linen is offered.
Life Atlibay Hotel is set on the seafront of Mediterranean region with its private sandy beach.
DVD players are available upon request.
The Bonsai Hotel’s wellness area includes a sauna, fitness centre and Turkish bath.
The bedrooms at Au Bois des Tilleuls have a private bathroom with a shower and a large mirror.
The property features modern studios and apartments with free Wi-Fi and air conditioning.
The homestay also offers car hire.
All air-conditioned rooms feature a TV and a private bathroom with a shower.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Free WiFi is provided .
You will find a gift shop at the property.
Bourges Train Station is 1.7 km away.
Guests can enjoy a daily breakfast, which is served in the neighbouring Casa de los Camellos Hotel.
Featuring views of the garden, the guest rooms have a private bathroom with bath or shower.
Each room has cable TV, a small seating area, and a safety deposit box.
A breakfast including fruit, cereal, coffee and more is served each morning.
Free private parking is available.
The hotel has a beauty salon and various shops on-site.
Free WiFi access is available.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
It is 7 km from the historic Sultanahmet district and 8 km from Taksim Square.
All rooms come with a private bathroom.
Free Wi-Fi and an en suite bathroom are included in all rooms.
A coffee machine, microwave, and refrigerator are also included.
An American-style breakfast is served daily.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
All rooms have a cable TV and an attached bathroom with shower.
Free public parking is available in front of Otakar Hotel.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
The rooms at Merab Hotel include a TV and a minibar.
Anapa Theatre and the Anapa Water Park are a 10-minute walk away.
Sofia is set 20 km away.
Restaurants and shops can be found in the surrounding area.
All rooms offer a private bathroom.
A lift to access all floors, and a parking garage are available.
Towels are available.
Shops and restaurants can be found in 3 km.
The building is under 24-hour video surveillance.
The hotel also offers rooms with access for guests with reduced mobility.
Towels are available.
Hotel is within walking distance from shopping centre.
Jeremy’s Restaurant and Bar serves Indian, Chinese and Nepali cuisine.
Pazhou Complex is an 8-minute drive away.
Green Guest house also includes a barbecue.
Retro Hotel Révfülöp enjoys a convenient location 100 metres from the shore of Lake Balaton.
It takes 40 minutes by car to Ngurah Rai Airport.
Butler services are also included.
This Easley hotel is within a 45-minute drive of Caesar's Head State Park.
Various local restaurants are within a 5-minute walk.
WiFi in public areas is free.
The nearest airport is Pula Airport, 36 km from Apartment Tinjan O-534.
Fiumicino Airport is a 25-minute drive away.
All accommodation units will provide you with satellite TV and a kitchenette or a kitchen.
The Residencia offers accommodation to all members of the educational or university community.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and horse riding.
The hotel is also a convenient base from which to travel to Machu Picchu.
Santa Maria di Leuca is a 10-minute drive away.
There is also a TV lounge.
The nearest airport is Vilnius Airport, 3 km from Apartment in Pylimo.
Each has a private bathroom with bath or shower.
Each room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat-screen TV.
Bergamo Orio Al Serio Airport can be reached in 12 minutes by car.
Saint Basil's Cathedral is 13 km from Apartment Samarkandskiy Boulvar, while Lenin Mausoleum is 14 km away.
Skien is 38 km from Valbergtunet Hostel, while Moss is 29 km from the property.
It features a furnished rooftop terrace with views of the town, and has a free Wi-Fi zone.
Public parking is possible in the surrounding area.
Private parking is on site, for free.
It serves a daily buffet breakfast and features spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi.
All of the Beit Rose guest rooms are decorated in an elegant style with handmade ceramics and antique furniture.
Some rooms also include a desk and sofa.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Some have a washing machine.
Free public parking is possible on site.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels, as well as a CD player are available.
Free WiFi access is available.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
You can enjoy river view and pool view from the room.
Wi-Fi is free.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
Bairnsdale Railway Station is 35 km away.
Later, retire to the soundproofed rooms and soak up the comfortable ambience.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
John F. Kennedy international Airport is 18 km away.
The hotel offers free Wi-Fi and free on-site parking.
All of them have fully equipped kitchens and full bathrooms.
Each one offers a flat-screen TV, a minibar and an electric kettle.
Lautrec and Castres are 30 km away and there is free on-site parking.
Many restaurants and shops are within 5 minutes’ walk and you can buy fresh produce at the Central market, 3 minutes’ walk away.
Guests can choose wear one of 800 yukata robes at an additional charge.
San Donato Metro Stop is 850 metres from the Rege.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The private bathroom is complete with a bath or shower.
Gondola Lift is 1.9 km from Rivendell Apartments Semiramida Gardens.
Guests can play a few rounds of golf 7 minutes’ drive away at Monroe City Golf Course.
The Volga River Embankment and the Nizhny Novgorod Kremlin are within a 10-minute walk.
The marble bathrooms boast a separate walk-in shower and bathrobes.
A full buffet breakfast with regional jams and breads is served daily.
Top Gun Raceway is 20 minutes' drive from the motel.
Gweta Lodge is 6 km from Gweta Airport.
All rooms at the hotel are decorated in neutral colours and have a minibar.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Each room has a seating area and a work desk.
There is an en-suite bathroom with a welcome pack of amenities.
Cabañas Mangai is a 4-minute walk from the city centre and 18 km from Anakena beach.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
It has an outdoor swimming pool, gym and free Wi-Fi.
For self-catering needs, there is an equipped kitchen.
The Denver Coliseum is 3 miles away.
Sugandh Retreat Restaurant serves multi-cuisine dishes.
Here you can also enjoy various desserts.
The Czech border is just 500 metres away.
Full cooked breakfast is available each morning.
Free private parking is available on site.
Situated in Albufeira, V6 Vivienne is a holiday home featuring an outdoor pool.
Luang Prabang Airport is a 15-minute drive from the hotel.
The Cascais Train Station is a 12-minute walk as well as the beach and the bars.
Apart-hotel Salut is located in Moskovsky district of Saint Petersburg.
Guests can request for laundry and luggage storage services.
The property organises a daily city tour and pub crawl.
Maritim Hotel can provide a shuttle service to Torp Sandefjord Airport on request.
The property offers free parking.
Rayentray convention centre is 300 metres away.
The Panoramabahn Kitzbüheler Alpen I Cable Car is 1.5 km from Appartement Gruber.
The hotel is close to the pedestrian shopping area around Via Garibaldi.
Free WiFi is accessible throughout the premises.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is provided in every room.
Many bars and restaurants can be found nearby the property.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Tea/coffee making facilities and a fridge are also provided.
You can make use of bike storage and parking.
Garden views can be enjoyed from the accommodations.
Sassari is a one-hour drive away.
Hairdryers can be requested.
Extras include a fireplace and a private pool.
The Bistro is also on site and offers breakfast and dinner.
Offering outdoor pool, Mozzview Resort is located in Khao Kho.
It offers free Wi-Fi, a garden with a terrace and a swimming pool.
They all comprise a private bathroom fitted with either a bathtub or a shower.
Alternatively, barbecue facilities are available.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage.
Guest House Čarman has a wooden rowing boat that you can rent and visit the island in the lake.
The Marmot Basin ski area is 30 km away.
Porto International Airport is 15 km from the guest house.
Fresh seafood dishes and refreshing beverages are also available.
Free Wi-Fi is provided throughout and a Moroccan breakfast is served every morning.
Hotel Rainforest offers a 24-hour front desk and a tour desk.
Free private parking is available on site.
Towels and linen can be provided upon request.
Hotel Garni Rauch offers comfortable rooms, some of which have a balcony.
Calpe is 7 km from Ritter.
There is a 24-hour front desk and a at the property.
A rich continental breakfast is served each day.
The nearest bus stop is 200 metres away.
Kiev Train Station is 120 km away.
All rooms have satellite TV, a work desk and a bathroom with a shower.
There are two bathrooms with shower.
A daily breakfast is available for an extra fee.
You can aldo go fishing with free fishing rods provided by Zambak.
At Nanxuan Club Lijiang you will find a 24-hour front desk, a charming garden and a terrace.
The Due Torri Apartment is 8 km from Noto.
WiFi is available on request and for surcharge.
Guests can make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
It features an indoor swimming pool.
Room service is provided.
The accommodation is parallel to the Via Cola Rienzo shopping street.
Guests benefit from a terrace.
Free private parking is available on site.
Mondragó Nature Reserve can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
The restaurant has a terrace overlooking Sant Vicenç church.
Galeão International Airport is located 23.2 km away.
After a swim, guests can soak up the sun on the beach with a drink.
Most feature a private bathroom.
Located in the bustling Seoul City, Baekje Hotel is a 15-minute walk from Gayang Subway Station.
Bikes can be rented to explore the city.
Apartments also have a kitchen.
The restaurant serves Austrian cuisine and seasonal dishes.
Certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Saint-Denis is 39 km from Kaz Ocean, while Cilaos is 18 km away.
The nearest airport is Siem Reap - Angkor International Airport, 7 km from Day Star Hostel.
There is a full kitchenette where guests are welcome to prepare their meals.
During warm weather, take a seat on the terrace.
All apartments have a kitchen with a refrigerator, a seating area and a private bathroom.
Other facilities at Apartament Zakopane include a sauna.
Hiking and cross-country ski trails are found nearby.
Basement parking is also available for all Grand Midwest guests.
Rio de Janeiro/Galeao International Airport is 18 km away.
Cable TV and telephone are standard in all rooms.
All rooms at the Polo Nautico Hotel are air-conditioned and offer free Wi-Fi.
Scorpios-Apts also offers free private parking.
Private parking is possible on site and is free of charge.
The property offers free parking.
Free private parking is provided on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
The resort boasts 3 outdoor pools and a spa.
Featuring a traditional Turkish bath on site, this Gocek hotel is 1 km from Gocek city centre and Gocek Bay.
It offers free Wi-Fi in public areas, and a garden where breakfast is served in summer.
There is a free car park right in front of the property.
Bathrobes and slippers are included.
The apartment will provide you with TV, balcony and a seating area.
An airport shuttle is available at an added fee.
Kathisma Beach is 30 km and Porto Katsiki Beach is at a distance of 35 km.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is 46 km from the property.
Rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The property features a kitchen and a barbecue for guests’ use.
An in-house chef prepares daily breakfast, as well as lunch and dinner upon request.
The beds are suitable for allergy sufferers.
The International Airport of Rhodes is at 50 km.
Rotorua International Airport is a 25-minute drive away.
The chalet has a washing machine, ironing facilities and 3 bathrooms.
The city of Ioannina is 37 km away.
Each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Novy Vek Shopping Centre is 800 metres from Apart-hotel Lenina 57.
BBQ facilities can also be found on site, and guests can rent bicycles at the property.
This is just 2 stops from Hamburg’s CHH Exhibition Centre.
It takes 30 minutes by car to Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport.
There is also a heliport.
Ivanjica is 47 km from Apartments Micic.
This bed and breakfast is located on the edge of Den Burg in a peaceful setting.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Adler Airport is 5 km away.
Located in front of La Malagueta beach, La Casita Malagueta is located in Malaga city centre.
The hotel is located a 5-minute drive from the airport.
The Church of St. Nicholas is 1.9 km from Petra Pancha Apartments.
Home to a friendly dog, the property features a private garden.
The rooms include a private bathroom.
Other facilities at Apartment Luna & Lea include a terrace.
Free private parking and free WiFi are available for guests' convenience.
Free Wi-Fi is available in hotel's lobby.
Featuring a restaurant and bar, Hotel My Place also offers meeting and banquet facilities.
Served in the patio in fine weather, breakfast here includes sweet and savoury products.
Free private parking is available on site.
Sokha Club Hotel is a 20-minute drive to Phnom Penh International Airport.
The De Gustibus Restaurant features large windows and vaulted ceilings.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning. There is also an electric kettle.
The property features views of the sea and is 600 metres from Fisherman's Beach.
It offers free parking and rooms with free Wi-Fi.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Riocentro Convention Center (21.6 km) and Copacabana Beach (8.6 km).
Pollensa town centre can be reached in a 20 minute walk and has a range of dining options and shops.
Barbecue facilities are at guests’ disposal.
The rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
Room service is provided.
Santa Bárbara D ́Oeste bus terminal is 1 km from Nossotel.
During the summer you can relax at the outdoor pool while enjoying drinks and snacks.
This property is 4 km from Xlendi.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and slippers in each unit.
Gasthof Weyerhof also has a courtyard and a garden.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
There are some restaurants located within walking distance of the property.
Florence Amerigo Vespucci Airport is 8 km away.
Free parking space is available on site.
Free garage parking is available on site.
The Tan Son Nhat International Airport is a 25-minute drive away.
Spacious, elegant rooms with free Wi-Fi and city views are offered here.
The non-smoking Schlossgasthof Rösch has spacious rooms with modern bathrooms.
Free private parking is available on site.
The rooms have a classic style and wrought-iron beds.
The nearest airport is London City Airport, 2 km from the property.
Villa Seeblick offers homelike apartments with bright interiors.
The West End is within easy reach on the Tube.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
We have a tradition of 450 years.
The apartments are 3.7 km from the Panometer Leipzig and 5.6 km from Leipzig Trade Fair.
The charming building retains the cosiness of a traditional Swedish home.
Extras include a desk, bed linen and a fan.
Kelebek Apartments also includes a terrace.
The nearest airport is Kurumoch International Airport, 34 km from the property.
Pusho's guest house features free WiFi throughout the property.
Satellite TV and a radio are there as well.
Isola Isuledda is a 5-minute drive from Le Gemme.
In winter, skiing is popular in the area.
Modern touches include a flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi.
The inn also offers free use of bicycles.
The staff at 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage service.
Thai Hua Museum is 2.8 km from Holland Resort Phuket, while Chinpracha House is 3 km from the property.
It offers an outdoor pool, a tennis court, and first-rate spa facilities.
There are horse riding facilities 1.5 km away.
Giarre is a 10-minute drive from the property.
Breakfast includes a variety of sweet and savoury products, served daily.
It offers rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Hanoi Hoa Duong Hostel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom in Hanoi.
Free parking is provided.
Located just a 3-minute walk from JR Toyama Station, Hotel Prime Toyama serves complimentary breakfast to its guests.
There is also a restaurant where the guests can enjoy a variety of dishes.
An American breakfast is served daily.
They include tiled floors and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and amenities.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
It offers rooms, studios and apartments surrounded by the lush garden.
The hotel is also accessible to disabled guests.
Transfers from and to the airport are available upon request with surcharge.
There is an additional bathroom.
Alpenbad Leutasch Leisure Complex with numerous pools is just steps away.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The nearest beach is 1 km away.
The Palacio features a communal patio and a terrace with river views.
Air-conditioned rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen cable TV.
Other amenities offered at the hotel include dry cleaning, laundry facilities and vending machines.
Rooms have mountain views and free WiFi.
Each Delta Apartment has a kitchenette which comes equipped with a stove, a microwave and a refrigerator.
Breakfast is served daily in guests’ rooms.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Apartment Molodogvardeytsev 70G.
The restaurant serves both local and international dishes.
Ayvalık city centre is 11 km from the premises while Edremit Korfez Airport is 50 km away.
There is also a fully equipped kitchen.
The roof terrace on the George’s 7th floor offers scenic views over the Alster.
Other facilities offered include a tour desk. The property offers free parking.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
Guests of Gästhus Mariefreds can enjoy a garden, perfect for sunset viewing.
Organic, locally sourced ingredients are blended in the Mediterranean dishes of its stylish restaurant.
The beaches along the Adriatic coast are a 20-minute drive away.
Heavenly Mountain Ski Resort is a 6-minute drive away.
Free private parking is also available at this apartment.
Live jazz is played in the Lounge on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
Free parking is available on site.
It also offers a range of massages and beauty treatments.
A minibar, work desk and wake up service are available.
En suite bathroom has towels and shower facility.
Room service is available upon request.
Air conditioning is provided throughout.
The kitchen has a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
Selective dishes from local and international cuisines are also served in à la carte style.
Car rental services are available within 200 metres.
Free Wi-Fi and parking are available, and guests can enjoy a broad breakfast menu.
Parkson is 300 metres away.
The bathroom has a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
An outdoor pool is available along with billiards at Shucker’s Dockside Grill.
Other facilities offered include a tour desk and a laundry service upon surcharge.
They also have a private bathroom with a hot shower.
Merikarvianjoki center is 10 km away and Pori is 41 km away.
The on-site restaurant features Bulgarian and Mediterranean cuisine at à-la-carte service.
A free transfer to or from the airport is available.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include a barbecue, a swing and a sandpit.
These rooms come with 2 sets of bunk beds plus a private bathroom with shower.
The Kursaal hotel is located in Calafell, on the Costa Daurada.
At Floresta Tour there is a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
Each room comes with an en suite bathroom with shower and a hairdryer.
At Guesthouse Noella, guests can find rooms and apartments with free WiFi access.
Free Wi-Fi and free parking are available.
Cebu City is 13 km from Sebastien Hotel, while Mandaue City is 9 km away.
Horseback riding facilities can be found at a distance of 5 km from the hotel.
There is also a private sauna and a spa bath in some rooms.
Free WiFi is provided .
They feature a seating area with a sofa, a flat-screen TV and a DVD player.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The kitchenettes come with a microwave, refrigerator, stovetop and coffee machine.
Gold Coast Airport is a 25-minute drive away.
Two parking places are available on the plot.
There are several shopping options within a stroll of the hotel.
Free Wi-Fi and complimentary private parking are also available on site.
The nearest airport is Anapa Airport, 13 km from the property.
The property is a 30-minute drive to Karon and Kata beaches.
All the air-conditioned rooms at the Hotel am Schelztor come with a TV and minibar.
The guest house also provides luggage storage facilities.
The Styrassic Park is just 2 km away.
El Campin Stadium is 1.1 km from Hotel Colombia Real - Bogota, while T Zone is 2.5 km away.
Free parking is available at Studia on Pobedi 64.
The apartment can accommodate up to 8 persons and offers an open terrace.
This small hotel is located in a quiet, residential part of the central Lenina Street in Kirov.
An outdoor pool highlights this Victorian style inn in Osage Beach.
Breakfast is buffet style at the Rodella Hotel.
All units are air conditioned and have a seating and dining area.
A TV is featured.
A TV is provided.
There is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The nearest airport is Palma de Mallorca Airport, 48 km from the property.
Every morning guest can enjoy breakfast in the privacy of their room.
Hilton Garden Inn Hershey features an indoor pool and on-site fitness centre.
This hotel in Caucaia is 50 metres from Iparana Beach.
Located on Jordan’s Lake, this property is located in historic Flat Rock.
Some units have a terrace, and others have a balcony.
The modern hotel has a mini-gym and a stylish restaurant with a terrace.
It offers free Wi-Fi and serves a certified Greek breakfast in the garden.
A TV, fridge and private bathroom are standard.
Stanmore Country Park and Bridgnorth Golf Club are also less than 10 minutes’ drive.
Lively Tenjin area and Tenjin Station are within a 10-minute walk.
All apartments have a private sauna.
It boasts an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, which is available in all areas.
The attached bathroom includes towels and shower facility.
The 2 bathrooms come with a shower and a hairdryer and there are 3 toilets.
In summer, BBQ facilities are provided.
Each apartment has a terrace or balcony.
Other facilities include a spacious living room with a library and a shared terrace located within the trees.
Guests can enjoy sun bathing or reading at the terrace embracing the pool.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes, slippers and a hairdryer.
The Eagle's Landing Restaurant offers breakfast, lunch and dinner daily.
Some apartments come with a dishwasher and a microwave.
There is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Other facilities available include a shared lounge, a ticket service and a tour desk.
The Louisville Slugger Museum and Factory is 44 minutes’ drive away.
Wi-Fi is available at a surcharge.
The hot spring water is reputedly drinkable.
The air-conditioned unit is fitted with a kitchen.
Some rooms come with a balcony that offers a sea view.
The hotel also has a restaurant and a business centre.
Hotel Rosalía is located in Padrón, just 15 minutes’ drive from Santiago de Compostela.
Comforts include a flat-screen TV and a spacious bathroom.
A transfer service from/to both Ciampino and Fiumicino airports is available on request.
CasaLuce is 34 km from Perugia San Francesco d’Assisi Airport.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels.
Alternatively, the nearby Cascais centre features a wide range of restaurants and cafés.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
It is also near restaurants and shops.
This accommodation features free Wi-Fi in all areas.
Other facilities at Ciro Menotti 4 include a balcony.
Featuring a garden and free Wi-Fi access throughout, Agriturismo Lu Nodu offers rooms 15 km from Aglientu.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Offering a restaurant, Golden Park is located in Kolkata.
The rooms are fitted with a TV.
A wide selection of recreational activities are provided, including volleyball, darts and trekking.
Free WiFi in public areas and parking are available.
The Oberhouse Apartments offer attractively furnished, spacious accommodation with free WiFi.
Stylish rooms are tastefully decorated with warm mood lighting and wooden flooring.
A coffee maker and ironing facilities are also included.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a games room.
Next to the pool, there is also a wooden deck with sun loungers, where guests can relax during the summer.
Bicycle and car rental services are available for those who wish to explore the area.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Centrally located, the hotel is a 5-minute walk away from restaurants and shops.
10.7 km away from this hotel.
At Baan Kun Koey Hua Hin By The Ocean you will find a terrace. Other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
It is 60 km from Kawhia’s Te Puia (Hot Water) Beach.
Saint-Vincent-de-Tyrosse Train Station 6 km away.
A washing machine is also available.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
The Mar de Cristal Resort is also close to the harbor town of Cartagena.
Rooms here are all fitted with air conditioning and heating.
A business centre that offers fax and photocopying services is also provided.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
The nearest grocery store is 500 meters away, as well as a restaurant.
You have free use of a washing machine.
Free private parking is available on site.
The unit is 11 km from Anthropological Museum & Cave of Petralona.
The tranquil location of Almograve village allows a restful stay by the sea.
Cable TV and a DVD player are also included.
The property can organize horse riding upon request and against a surcharge.
Room service options are available to those who wish to dine in privacy.
Guests are welcome to visit the on-site restaurant and taste Eastern cuisine.
It has a fitness centre, an outdoor swimming pool, a sauna and hot tub.
The hotel has a sauna and fitness centre, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
Guests can request for laundry and ironing services.
Within 4 km shops and restaurants can be found.
Free WiFi access is available, as well as ski storage.
Private outdoor parking is available free of charge.
At Kaikeo Guesthouse guests can find assistance from the staff at the 24-hour front desk.
This villa will provide you with a living and a dining room, a fully-equipped kitchen, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Most rooms benefit from an en suite bathroom, while others have an external private bathroom for guests’ use only.
Breakfast is provided every morning and includes sweet items.
Free on-site parking and around-the-clock front desk service is provided.
Featuring a hairdryer, private bathrooms also come with towels.
The private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Guests have access to shared kitchen facilities and a lounge area with a computer at Hotel Dakota.
Free WiFi is available in the entire property.
All rooms include a 40 inch flat-screen cable TV and a work desk.
The property offers guests a furnished terrace and daily breakfasts.
Just over 500 metres from Grasmere Lake.
The nearest airport is Madeira Airport, 14 km from the property.
A restaurant is featured on site.
Talise Spa features overwater treatment rooms.
The property is located right on the beach.
The front desk is open 24 hours a day and staff can help you to organize tours and excursions.
Kayaks, pedal boats and a children's playground offer outdoor recreation options.
The bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and showers.
All rooms feature a seating area and an electric kettle.
The nearest airport is Utapao-Rayong-Pataya International Airport, 25 km from the property.
It is a 5-minute walk from Bukit Bintang shopping and dining district.
A launderette and free parking are offered as well.
Each apartment has a terrace with views of the shared outdoor pool, and barbecue facilities are available.
The well-known Kalemegdan Fortress and Park are 1 km away from the property.
Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood is 6 km from Hostel Salova 29, while Saint Isaac's Cathedral is 6 km away.
The en suite bathroom includes as shower or spa bath and hairdryer.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
There are many bars and restaurants in the immediate area around the apartments.
Guests will also “love” a friendly but competitive game of tennis on the property and relax in the hot tub after.
Madsens Vej Hvide Sande XII is located in Hvide Sande.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A restaurant is 300 metres away and a grocery shop is 2 km away.
Other facilities such as laundry and ironing services are available at an additional charge.
The property is 2.3 km from Heidelberg Golf Club and 4.4 km from Erinvale Golf Club.
Guests enjoy a shared terrace, free bikes and a shared kitchen.
Enjoy a cup of coffee while looking out at the mountain or garden.
A private bathroom with a hairdryer is provided in all rooms.
B&B Dodo features free WiFi throughout the property.
The Lal Bahadur Shastri International Airport is 18 km away.
Daily breakfast is served in buffet style.
Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a safety deposit box.
The nearest pebbly beach is 500 metres away.
Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport is located 12 km away.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Nearby attractions range from museums, art galleries and vineyards.
A 20-minute drive will take you to Bacho Kiro Cave and the Dryanovsky Monastery.
Veracruz International Airport is 1 hour and 20 minutes’ drive away.
Kuala Lumpur International Airport is 86 km away.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
The hotel’s 24-hour front desk offers safety Deposit Box and luggage Storage for guests’ convenience.
Free WiFi is available in public areas.
The wine bar offers an interesting regional selection.
A spa centre can be found just 20 metres from Villa Verde and the Bansko Bus Station is 500 metres away.
There is also a table tennis.
A washing machine and air conditioning are included.
A cooked breakfast is also available on request.
A bus station with connection to Mykonos Town is a few metres away.
The nearest airport is Vigo Airport, 24 km from Duerming Portonovo Picó.
Located at Columbus International Airport, this hotel is 8 miles from downtown and includes access to bowling and miniature golf.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 16 km from Apartment on 8-ya Sovetskaya.
Split Airport is located 22 km from the property.
Reus Airport is 8 km away.
Kitchens include a microwave and an oven.
A buffet or Continental breakfast is served for guests staying in the rooms.
Miami Beach Canyon Ranch Hotel and Spa provides guest with a full service spa and salon.
Functional rooms have wooden furniture, and come with a fan, a wardrobe and a balcony.
The hotel is 700 m from Royan Train station and Grande Conche Beach.
Each room has a balcony, many overlooking the valley and Texel mountain group.
Have a quiet sleep and wake up feeling like a prince or princess.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven, a refrigerator and a stovetop, as well as a coffee machine.
The rooms offer garden views and are equipped with tea and coffee facilities.
Wine and olive oil are produced on site.
The Hagerstown Regional Airport is nine miles away.
The popular Fairy Stream is 80 metres away.
At Hotel Cities you will find a shared kitchen and a mini-market.
A continental breakfast is included and served each morning in the dining room.
Dresden-Neustadt Train Station is a 12-minute walk away.
Located in Arkhangelsk, this apartment features free WiFi.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in public areas.
All apartments at El Greco are spacious and air conditioned.
A bus stop is just next to the hostel.
Light Hostel features free WiFi throughout the property.
Take a swim in the hotel pool, and then relax in the saunas or steam bath.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the hotel.
Guests at the Monroe TownePlace Suites can access a launderette.
Apartment Kurortnyy bulvar 12 is located in Kislovodsk, 32 km from Pyatigorsk.
Plaza Catalunya and Las Ramblas are 20 minutes from the apartments on foot.
3 Dęby offers accommodation with free WiFi access in Jarosławiec, 800 metres from the sea. Ustka is 21 km from the property.
Each apartment has a living room with a TV and sofa bed.
Certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The sandy beach of Puerto de Pollensa is a 10-minute drive from the property.
You can benefit from soundproof accommodation with free wireless internet.
Ironing facilities can be provided.
Meeting facilities are available upon request.
Hiking maps are provided.
Free private parking is available on site.
It is air conditioned and the private bathroom may have a bath or shower.
Florence is 15 km from the property, while Arezzo can be reached in approximately a 1-hour drive.
Extras include cable channels.
Guests can enjoy sea views.
Kohtu Apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in the Old Town of Kuressaare.
Guests who drive can enjoy free on-site parking.
A 24-hour reception is provided to guests of Inn Classic.
Hiking tracks in the Chočské Mountains, the Kvačianska and the Prosiecka Valleys can be reached within 3 km.
A luggage storage area is available, as well as a fax and photocopying service.
The on-site restaurant serves lunch, including a salad buffet.
Isaac’s Cathedral in Saint Petersburg, Pirogova Inn features free WiFi and a lounge area with a TV.
The elegant rooms include free Wi-Fi and flat-screen TV.
Cathkin Cottage B&B and Self Catering offers accommodation in Winterton.
Cars and motorbikes can be rented on site at discounted rates.
Murmansk Train Station is a 10-minute walk from the apartment.
The property offers free parking.
The property offers free parking.
Florence is a 1-hour drive away.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, hiking and fishing.
Room service is also available.
Spoleto is 40 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Zagreb Airport, 16 km from the property.
The private bathrooms come with a shower.
Tribhuvan Airport is located 12.1 km from the property.
The bathroom is fitted with a bath and free toiletries.
At Guest House Jani meals can be prepared upon request in advance and at a surcharge.
It offers self-catering accommodation with a garden and a furnished patio with a parasol and 2 sun loungers.
The city of Pamplona is a 1-hour drive away.
San Marino can be reached by car in just 30 minutes.
Chargeable shuttle service is available upon request.
You can go to the beach located right below the property.
A public gym is only 100 metres away.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Dar Aicha is located in the Marrakech Medina, just a 10-minute drive from Jamaa El Fna Square.
The property is a 6-minute drive from JR Ishiuchi Station.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free Wi-Fi is offered.
Penang International Airport is accessible with a 14 km drive.
Rooms are cosy and cooled with air conditioning.
Villa La Mer is located in Warnemünde and offers self-catered apartments.
Piazza Navona is a 2-minute walk away.
Some rooms have a separate living area with sofa.
Extras include bed linen and towels.
Blasbichler Appartments is 65 km from Bolzano.
Free bicycles are available to discover the area and you can also visit the farm.
The house offers free Wi-Fi and free private parking.
Central Copenhagen can be reached within an hour by car, while Sorø Golf Club is 5 minutes’ drive away.
Breakfast is provided daily.
Certain rooms include views of the mountain or river.
All rooms have a TV.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The small studio apartment is located downstairs under the managers house at the rear of the property.
Apartments have a kitchenette complete with oven and fridge.
Marquês de Pombal Square is 15 minutes’ walk away.
A buffet breakfast is served daily and includes hot drinks, sweet and savoury products.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Free wireless internet access is available in this holiday home.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Shared bathroom also comes with a shower.
The bathrooms come with a shower, and towels and bed linen are provided.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
During winter, public transport is free.
All bar proceeds go towards Alzheimers Research UK.
Some apartments offer views of the Saronic Gulf from their balcony.
Castello Sul Lago Tre is an apartment located in Menaggio, 1.3 km from Villa Carlotta.
ABC Residence is located in the heart of Şişli district.
Agios Georgios Beach is just 300 metres away.
Free Wi-Fi is offered in all rooms.
All rooms are decorated with colourful local artwork and have plenty of natural light.
The unit is 2.3 km from Amfibius Water Park.
Sneek is 41 km away.
The living area has a TV with a DVD player.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. A toaster, a fridge and stovetop are also available, as well as a kettle.
The villas are about 500 metres to 1 km away from the beach.
En suite bathrooms include free toiletries, hairdryers and shower facilities.
Dalaman Airport is within 100 km.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including windsurfing, diving and fishing.
Centre of Kopaonik National Park 2 km away.
Ristorante Hotel Mira is 30 km from Portofino, while Genova is a 40-minute drive away.
Car rental facilities are also available.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including golfing and windsurfing.
The work tops are made from black marble and give the kitchen a high quality feel.
Marnixplein tram stop is a 5-minute walk away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
There is a full a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Kayseri Archaeology Museum is 1.5 km from Grand Eras.
Guests have access to 2 common rooms with free Wi-Fi access TVs and sofas.
A ski bus stop is situated in front of the house.
The private bathroom has a bath or shower.
The nearest airport is Mactan Cebu International Airport, 6.3 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
Free private parking is provided in the premises.
The Hilton Garden Inn Valdosta has an outdoor pool and gym.
Brescia and Bergamo are 41 km away from Palazzo Barbò, while Milano is 66 km from the property.
Alassio centre is 10 km away.
A buffet breakfast is served daily.
The Gabriella house consists of 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, and a living room with fully equipped kitchenette.
Free private parking is available on site.
Extras include free toiletries and hot-water showers.
Free WiFi is available in this property.
Washington Country Club is 5 km away.
It offers elegant apartments with free Wi-Fi, as well as a sauna and a fitness centre.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is also provided.
Fresh fruit, yogurt, and hard boiled eggs are also available.
Extras include a sofa, bed linen and cleaning products.
Each of the rooms at City-Hotel comes equipped with a TV, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
A shuttle to Faro Airport, just 30 minutes’ drive, is available on request.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Located in Sarajevo's Kovaci area, Hotel Ada provides free private parking.
It offers complimentary WiFi access and parking.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
Some rooms have a bathtub.
A 24-hour reception is also offered.
Sudak is 26 km from Kristal, while Feodosiya is 13 km from the property.
Both free WiFi and free private parking are accessible on site.
The property has water sports facilities and car hire is available.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
There are shops, restaurants and bars located in Sant Carles de la Rapita.
The Osmose spa is the perfect place for a relaxing experience. It features a hammam.
Many rooms feature a balcony or a terrace overlooking the garden.
Enjoy a meal in the restaurant, serving North and South Indian cuisine.
The guest house offers a bar and snack bar.
Stadelhofen Station is just 400 metres away from Hotel NI-MO.
The day starts pleasantly with a rich buffet in the breakfast area.
The hotel is set in an historic building with a modern interior design.
Michigan State University is 25 miles away.
They also have a desk and cable TV.
Karaouiyne Mosque is a 20-minute walk away.
A range of local restaurants are located within a 3-minute walk from the property.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Transfer services to Salzburg, Munich, Venice, Milan and to Lake Garda are available on request.
At Hotel New Idola you will find a 24-hour front desk, a terrace and a snack bar.
One free parking space is guaranteed for each room or apartment.
Offering a restaurant, Casa Vatra Radauti is located in Radauti, only 600 metres away from the city centre.
Each room here will provide you with a cable TV, air conditioning and satellite channels.
Certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
BBQ facilities are available.
All elegant rooms come with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning.
Its rooms have wooden floors, and Wi-Fi is free throughout.
Ottaviano Metro is 4 minutes’ walk away.
The Veranda Bar serves a variety of coffees, ice creams and cocktails.
A kitchen is included.
The nearest airport is Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport, 17 km from Opera Hostel Budapest.
Samara-Kurúmoch Airport is 8 minutes’ drive from the property, and Samara Town Centre is 40 km away.
There is good disabled access, with a lift from the car park to rooms.
The studios offer free WiFi.
Central Apartment - Cityapartments also includes a terrace.
The bus stop can be reached within 100 metres.
You can enjoy breakfast including juice, fruit, yogurt, pastries and tea or coffee.
The nearest airport is Tolmachevo Airport, 18 km from the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with slippers and towels.
Car rental services can be provided and free on-site parking is possible.
There is a sandbox in the yard.
Rooms at Peters Guesthouse have parquet floor and wooden furniture.
The residence also has a restaurant that serves traditional and local cuisine.
Set on extensive grounds, on the edge of the Oria River, this guest house features spectacular views.
The bathroom comes with a bath.
Sharm El-Sheikh International Airport is located 4 km away.
Ahuzat Ohalei Shalom offers accommodation in Umanʼ.
Accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen cable TV, air conditioning and a terrace.
The popular Mansa Devi Temple is 1.2 km away while the Chandi Devi Temple is 3 km away.
The Antalya Airport is 60 km away and the hotel has car rental service.
Tropical trees, palms and fragrant flowers surround The Garden Suite at Onomea.
The nearest airport is Atyrau International Airport, 5 km from the property.
There is also a fully equipped kitchen with a stovetop, a refrigerator and a dining table.
This centennial house has been completely renovated and retains its original features.
Each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
Towels are also provided.
A number of activities are offered in the area, such as golfing, cycling and fishing.
Each holiday home at Monolocale sul Mare will provide you with a kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator.
Calgary city centre is 20 minutes’ drive away.
At Hotel Puerto Banana you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Guests of Rock Cabins can enjoy hiking trails throughout the area and park.
Each unit has a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge and a dining table.
Art Hotel Managua is a property offering its guests free breakfast with the rate.
The private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and shower.
Children’s menus are available.
The unit is 4 km from Paseo Maritimo.
Some have a balcony and views of the garden.
It is situated 250 metres from Basilique Saint-Sermin and a 4-minute walk from the city centre.
Free breakfast is served at the lobby on a first come, first served basis.
On request, an airport shuttle service can be organised.
Continental breakfast is served every morning at the property's restaurant.
Guests can prepare a meal in the shared kitchen on site.
Free time activities include the Aqua Park Špindlerův Mlýn which is 5-minutes away on foot.
The towns of Kavala and Komotini are both approximately 55 km away.
Athens, Alabama is 25 minutes’ drive away.
Some rooms have balconies.
Bathrooms feature free toiletries, a shower and underfloor heating.
Gues can enjoy the Hostal Rte. Elena’s bar and restaurant.
Guest rooms at Auberge De La Chaloire are equipped with free Wi-Fi access and an en suite bathroom.
Quality Hotel Atlantic is also close to the Mandria Regional Park and to the Venaria Reale Royal Palace.
Scottish Inn Niagara Falls rooms include free Wi-Fi and cable TV.
Guests at Aqua Dive Paradise Homestay will find a tour desk and laundry facilities.
Each has a living area, 2 bathrooms, and a kitchen.
In the morning the hotel serves a complimentary hot breakfast of oatmeal and Belgian waffles.
Rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
Semi-outdoor bathrooms provide a relaxing experience close to nature.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in each unit.
Other facilities like ticket service, tour desk and luggage storage are offered.
Guests can also try a range of beverages and snacks in the on-site café.
Restaurant Hanachaya offers a Japanese and Western buffet spread for breakfast.
Guests may relax with a foot massage or visit the games room.
A shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee.
The rooms feature parquet floors, a flat-screen TV and wardrobe.
Bergamo is 38 km from the property.
A pizzeria, pool bar and lobby bar are also on site.
Free luggage storage is provided.
You can admire the mountain views or watch a DVD by the fireplace in your apartment’s living area.
Kitchenettes include a hob and fridge.
Guarded parking is available free of charge at the Bystrička hotel as well.
A tea/coffee maker and slippers are provided.
It offers elegant rooms with free Wi-Fi, and has a free private parking.
Staff can organise excursions, tours, and railway-station and airport transfers.
From Suite Prado you can easily stroll to many of the top city sights.
The hotel also has a sauna and solarium.
Canoe rentals and boat trips along the river can be organised at the hotel.
The nearest airport is Kona International Airport, 17 km from the property.
Strasbourg International Airport is 8 km away.
Guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the bar or relax on the terrace.
This homestay is 8 km from Pinto Martins Airport.
Free private parking is possible and free Wi-Fi is available at this modern hotel.
There are three rooms and two bathrooms recently renovated.
A business centre that offers fax and photocopying services is also provided.
Located just 500 metres off of the scenic Aewol Shore Road, Suandsu Hotel offers spacious self-catering apartments.
The hotel also houses the Le Cafe Du Pont restaurant and has a terrace.
You can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling and fishing.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower and includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Restaurants and cafes are 1 km away.
Select rooms feature a balcony or patio.
Baza Otdykha Fokino-Privolzhye also includes a sauna.
Rooms come with a private bathroom. For your comfort, you will find bath robes and slippers.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
The elegant and modern villa will provide you a terrace with loungers surrounding the pool.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels, as well as an iPod docking station are provided.
Yanica Guest House offers an opportunity to organise airport shuttle service upon request.
Guesthouse on Rustaveli features free WiFi .
At Complex Europa L.G you will find a 24-hour front desk, a terrace and a bar.
Air conditioning and a balcony with an outdoor dining area are also included.
Guests have access to a sun terrace, sauna and a tennis court on site. BBQ facilities are also available for guests use.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing, horse riding and hiking.
Bergbahnen Ski Lifts are 800 metres from the guest house.
The modern bathrooms have bath or shower.
An archeological site with remains of a 6th century church can be visited only 300 metres away.
Muses Villas provides free private parking on site.
Case Vacanze Mare Nostrum is a 20-minute drive from Cefalù.
Every room is equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The private bathroom comes with a bath.
Barbecue facilities are available in the garden with children’s playground.
A number of dining options is a short walk away.
Batumi International Airport is 15 km away.
Apartmani Emilijana is a self-catering accommodation located in Zadar.
Alternatively, they can go for a massage or visit the business centre.
The menu changes every season.
The property offers free parking.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the entire property.
You can enjoy a mountain view from the room.
Guests benefit from patio.
A kitchen comes with a microwave, refrigerator and stove.
Breakfast is available in the Hacienda Mérida’s à la carte restaurant.
Bicycle rental is available, while airport transfers and shuttle services can be arranged at a surcharge.
It offers air-conditioned rooms and buffet breakfast.
Breakfast is available in the morning.
Best Western Plus Sunrise serves a full buffet breakfast is each day.
Guided hikes and barbecue evenings take place in summer.
Located at the edge of the Karura Forest, the stylish West Wood Hotel is a 10-minute drive away from central Nairobi.
It provides free private parking.
The property offers free parking.
Parking and internet access are free.
Free public parking is available on site.
Guests can make use of the shared TV room with a fireplace.
Merano is reached by a bus stopping a 2-minute walk from the property.
There is also a shared lounge and shared kitchen.
Galeao International Airport is a 40-minute drive away.
Packed lunches including vegetarian options are also available.
Rooms here are simply but elegantly decorated.
The Spanish border is within 20 km of the hotel.
Children can head to the lagoon pool that offers water park features.
All privately-owned studios and suites feature front desk and tour desk access.
Offering a barbecue and views of the lake, Russkoe podvorie is located in Borovsk.
Heating is available in cooler months.
There is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and kitchenware.
A breakfast area is included in the premises of Petros Italos.
Los Maños is a family-run guest house in Blanes, 1 km from the town centre and beach.
The property is a member of Porta Aberta Project.
Rio de Janeiro/ Galeão International Airport is 26 km away.
The restaurant serves typical dishes from the area, including game.
Each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen TV.
Lefortovo Hotel is minutes from the Lefortovo Park and Palace.
Dining options include a coffee shop and international restaurant.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The chalet is accessible via the A8 motorway, which is 8 km away.
Free parking is available on site.
Cefalù is a 30-minute drive away.
Bed linen and towels are provided for free.
Guest House Bagira features free WiFi throughout the property.
Set in Paris, this apartment features free WiFi.
Other facilities like water sports facilities are offered.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
Ski passes can be purchased at the hotel.
Grundig Stadium is also only 4 km away.
The hotel has a spa centre and sauna, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
The nearest airport is Samui Airport, 2 km from the property.
Calgary International Airport is 20 minutes' drive away.
Every room is fully air conditioned.
One complimentary bottle of mineral water and a selection of tea are provided by Hotel Adlerhof.
Moroccan breakfast is served each morning at Riad Awatif 36.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
Access to our exercise room, seasonal outdoor pool and laundry facilities is also provided.
It offers free on-site parking.
They overlook the surrounding countryside, with the sea in the distance.
They have private bathroom facilities and feature tea/coffee machine and a hair dryer.
Free parking is provided.
You can play tennis and table tennis at this hotel, and bike hire is available.
It offers an outdoor pool, free WiFi, and free minibar use.
Friedrichshafen Airport is 40 km away.
The Hotel und Restaurant Glück Auf offers a garage for motorbikes.
For those who wish to catch up with their last-minute work, fax and photocopying facilities are provided.
A private bathroom with hairdryer is provided.
The property offers free parking.
Florres provides bright and elegant rooms.
Award-winning Zest Restaurant features an open kitchen serving international cuisine.
Each apartment has a balcony or terrace and a private bathroom.
Acapulco Park has its own bar, set in the gardens.
The nearest airport is Heraklion International Airport, 50 km from Sarakina's Home.
Free parking is available.
The studios share the beautiful swimming pool situated in the centre of the complex.
The apartment will provide you with a balcony, a seating area and satellite channels.
Bed linen is available.
Guests can also order organic breakfast at the Zleep Lounge.
Cadaqués is 30 km from Appartement Arago, while Perpignan is 27 km from the property.
Each morning, a light continental breakfast is served in the Residencial’s breakfast room.
A washing machine and an iron are included.
Phuket International Airport is a 25-minute drive away.
The Pantheon is a 3-minute walk away. The banks of River Tiber are 400 metres from the property.
The property also offers room service and packed lunches.
Oceanside Harbor is 6.7 miles from the hotel and Camp Pendleton Marine Corps Base is 10 minutes away.
Some also feature satellite TV and a fully equipped kitchen.
Yerevan Train Station is 7.5 km from the apartment, while Yerevan Airport is 13.5 km away.
The property is 400 metres from 360 Chicago and 400 metres from Water Tower Chicago.
Hotel Belvedere is set on the seafront, next to the pedestrian area in Bellaria Igea Marina.
Bed linen is featured.
In the summer months, guests can dine on the terrace.
It offers a garden, free Wi-Fi and free parking.
The property offers free parking.
Tenerife South Airport is 25 km away.
You can enjoy a view of the city from the room.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Some suites also include a 32-inch flat-screen TV or a sofa bed.
The hotel is 2 km from Siam BTS Station and 22.5 km from Don Muang Airport.
Certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
They also feature a bathroom with a shower and toiletries.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
A bathtub is provided in the bathroom.
The hotel also has vending machines with snacks and drinks.
Free WiFi is accessible in public areas.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
You can enjoy hiking, bicycle riding and fishing in the surrounding areas.
A shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee.
Each room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
The kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, fridge and coffee machine.
Free parking is provided.
Canakkale Ferry Port is 500 metres and Canakkale Museum is 1.9 km from the property.
The property offers free parking and a chargeable airport shuttle service is available.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
The Ostrich farm Krasi and horseback riding activities can be found 10 km away.
The property offers free parking.
The property offers free parking.
Breakfast is served daily and it consists of sweet pastries and croissants.
Free Wi-Fi is included in all guest rooms.
Lanjarón is 40 km from the property.
Guests can play billiards or enjoy massage treatments that can be organized on request.
A bus stop is 2 km from the property and the Sovata Train Station is 4 km away.
The centre of Kastoria Town is 7 km away.
Free private parking is available on site at the apartments.
Barbecue facilities are available to guests who wish to prepare their own meals.
Elefthérios Venizélos Airport is 34 km from the property.
Ostuni is 18 km from the property.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and seating area.
Units at the property comes with a kitchen and a balcony with sea views.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
The nearest shops and the nearest restaurant are 1,3 km. away.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
It features spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi and a mini-fridge.
The rooms here will provide you with a fan.
Extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
A daily continental breakfast is served at the Sacramento Larkspur Landing.
A fully equipped kitchen, TV and DVD player are featured in each unit at Reef Point Cottages.
This holiday home is 70 km from LA/Ontario International Airport.
Donnery Golf Club is a 15-minute drive from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
A bus with connections to the airport also stops within 100 metres.
Live barbeque meals can be enjoyed on weekends.
Free Wi-Fi is also offered.
Free public parking is available at 200 metres from the accommodation.
The property is 170 metres from Cardeal Arcoverde metro station and 2.4 km from Botafogo Beach.
This holiday home is 77 km from Billund Airport.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
The property offers a free shuttle service.
This hotel is within a 10-minute drive of the US Border and from the Tijuana International Airport.
Restaurants and eateries are available within a 5-minute drive from the house.
Other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, an ironing service and laundry facilities.
Como is 24 km from Lake View Apartment Cadenabbia, while Locarno is 40 km from the property.
Outside there is a seating area with wooden tables and a small garden.
The apartment includes 4 flat-screen TVs.
Psili Ammos Beach is at 3.5 km.
Harrisburg International Airport is 32.9 km away.
Budva is 33 km from Vuković Apartments, while Cavtat is 29 km away.
Los Angeles International Airport is 36 km away.
Featuring free WiFi, Vatican guesthouse is situated in Rome, 600 metres from Vatican Museums.
Bicycles are provided free of charge to explore Hotel Rigi Vitznau's scenic surroundings.
Ironing facilities are available.
Popular Rocha beach is 11 km from the house.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, with mini-market available on request.
A refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker are also provided in every room.
The hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with TV sets and private bathrooms.
Front desk is open 24 hours.
An array of activities can be enjoyed in the surrounding area, including swimming, sailing, hiking and fishing.
The fitness area features exercise equipment by Technogym.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV. The bathroom comes with a shower.
A cash machine, shuttle and laundry services are also available.
There is also an electric kettle.
The nearest airport is Mohammed V International Airport, 21 km from the property.
Simpang’s restaurant serves a fine selection of local and international dishes.
Relaxing massage is available for a fee.
The property offers free parking.
It also offers free toiletries and a tumble drier.
Guests can use the fully equipped shared kitchen.
Free private parking is available at the Bella Vista.
Pension Alicia is a family-run guest house located 13 km from Marbella.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with slippers.
Shopping and restaurants at Lincoln Mall are just 1.4 miles away.
Recife, the state capital of Pernambuco, is 60 km away.
The property offers free parking.
Shared facilities available at the apartment complex include a fitness room and a year-round outdoor pool.
Pula is 9 km from Apartments Sandra 439. Pula Airport is 8 km from the property.
All include bathroom with hairdryer, minibar, TV, and air conditioning.
Guests enjoy free WiFi and free parking.
Guests can enjoy Cantabrian dishes in the Torre Cristina’s restaurant.
Live sports are shown in the flat-screen TV.
There are various restaurants and bars within a 5-minute walk of the property.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
MountInn Bakuriani offers accommodation in Valley Bakuriani complex.
Free Wi-Fi is provided at the lounge.
Alicante Airport is a 1-hour drive away.
Apartments come with a fan and a comfortable seating area.
A supermarket is located 900 metres away.
It offers free WiFi access, a terrace and a restaurant with a bar.
The property is 45 km from Lecce and free private parking is offered.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a supermarket less than 1 km from the complex.
Luis Eduardo Magalhães International Airport is 6 km away.
Other facilities offered include a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage.
The nearest metro station are Moscova and Garibaldi.
Guests have access to BBQ facilities with a large table and benches.
Angling rods can be provided, and staff can prepare fish meals.
Linens and towels are also provided.
The Ernakulam South Railway Station is 14 km while the Cochin International Airport is 45 km.
All units are fully equipped and some feature a seating area where you can relax.
Meals can also be enjoyed in the rooms.
You can go hiking in the forest or enjoy nature tours.
There is a full a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
There is free on-site parking at the property.
Different types of breakfast are available.
Select rooms include a coffee machine and a refrigerator.
Other useful services include a business centre, currency exchange and tour desk.
Rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) flooring with traditional futon bedding.
Free Wi-Fi is available in each suite at the Comfort Suites Miami.
Each one features an LCD TV, minibar and a balcony.
Vilnius Airport is 4 km from the property.
Free private parking is available at a location nearby.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
Private parking spaces are available on site free of charge.
Čakovec is 30 minutes' drive away and Zagreb Airport is 1 hour and 30 minutes' drive from the property.
Heated rooms feature wooden floors and flat-screen TVs.
The occupancy at this B&B guarantees tranquillity for the guests.
The kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
The 2-bedroom cottage also has self-catering facilities.
The roof terrace offers charming city views.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are offered.
This family run hotel is housed in a fully renovated 19th century stone building.
L'Auberge Fleurie provides 3-star accommodation 10 km from Joly Park.
The variety of bars and restaurants bring you the best of both local and international cuisine to enjoy.
They have cable TV, a safe and a fridge.
Utrecht is a 25-minute drive away and you can reach Amsterdam within 40 minutes.
Cancun International Airport is a 1-hour drive from El Faro.
Monarch Bar and Grill serves buffet meals and grilled dishes.
All the rooms in Haanja Guest Apartments are bright and have wooden details.
Each room comes with a minibar.
Shops and restaurants can be found within 4 km.
Anyon-in Temple is a 15-minute walk away.
It offers modern air-conditioned apartments with a fully equipped kitchenette.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels and DVD player is available.
It provides free private parking.
Mini markets, bars and restaurants can be found within 50 metres away.
The A8, A6 and A62 motorways are all nearby.
The hotel has comfortable rooms with air conditioning and free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi is available .
Room service is also available.
The property offers free parking.
Kaali crater is 16 km away.
The Karlsruhe Exhibition Centre is a 5-minute drive from the guest house.
Some units include a seating area for your convenience.
Guests take coffee and cake during the day.
Rooms feature an attached bathroom equipped with hot shower facility.
Rest Apartments on Kavkazsky Bulvar is set 48 km from Sheremetyevo International Airport.
All rooms at Fjellpensjonat Helgatun feature views of the Kvan Valley and the mountains.
Free WiFi access is available.
The property is 12 km from the Expo 2015 Exhibition Centre.
Free WiFi access is available.
Free on-site parking is provided.
Free Wi-Fi in available throughout.
Guests can enjoy traditional dishes at Golden Dragon Chinese Restaurant and Navratna Indian Restaurant.
This property is 13 km from Elba Airport.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel.
Rathtrevor Beach Provincial Park is 3 minutes’ drive away.
Japanese and Western dishes are offered for dinner.
The accommodation at the family-run Canterino will provide you with a TV and private bathroom.
Krabi Success Beach Resort offers bicycle and limousine rentals.
A continental breakfast is served each morning at Villa Chems Hamra.
A generous cooked English breakfast is available.
The U1 underground line takes guests to the Prater amusement park in 7 minutes.
Guest rooms at the Hotel Pont Royal are air-conditioned.
The spacious restaurant serves Hungarian cuisine.
It also has a private bathroom.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Maubert Mutualité metro station offering access to line 10 is 190 metres from this hotel.
It offers stylish accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
Asturias Airport is 90 minutes’ drive away.
Each room is simply furnished and comes equipped with a satellite TV.
Catania and Fontanarossa Airport are both within 60 km of the property.
The kitchen features a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
The holiday home is fitted with air conditioning and free WiFi. Free private parking is available on site.
Some have shared toilet facilities.
This holiday home offers its guests free Wi-Fi.
Sheremetyevo International Airport is 12 km away.
On-site parking is free of charge, and the A5 motorway is 10 minutes from here.
There is also a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a toaster. A fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a coffee machine.
Relaxing massage can be arranged upon request.
Fitted with terracotta flooring, each has a satellite TV.
Breakfast is served in the restaurant which specialises in Polish and regional cuisine.
Room service is available.
Every room is fitted with a shared bathroom fitted with a bath and bidet.
The restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast and a variety of regional dishes.
Here guests can warm up by the fireplace while they surf the free Wi-Fi.
Villa Arcadio is in Salò, on the hills above Lake Garda.
The Maritime Museum San Francisco is within a 15-minute walk of the hotel.
The hotel serves a range of cuisines including Chinese and Italian.
Refreshing beverages and live entertainment can be enjoyed at Veranda Bar.
There is free private parking.
A daily breakfast is included.
The self-catering, budget apartments come equipped with a TV, fridge and an en-suite bathroom.
Cesme is 80 km from the property.
Offering free WiFi, @Buasri By Ohm is located in Patong.
It features air-conditioned accommodation and a stone-paved courtyard with a communal kitchen.
A sweet breakfast is served daily in the room.
The West Dennis Light and the West Dennis Beach are 3 miles away.
The air-conditioned rooms provide free Wi-Fi.
The property is 700 metres from Sopot Railway Station and about 800 metres from the beach.
Staff at the 24-hour reception can assist with luggage storage, car rental and laundry services.
Bai Chin Hotel is located in Magong city centre.
Free towels are available upon request.
The building is a listed cultural monument and features a garden and free WiFi.
Free WiFi access is available.
Xikai Youth Hostel is a 10-minute drive from Tianjin Railway Station.
There is free Wifi and free access to the apartment building’s fitness centre.
Guests of the hotel benefit from a 20% discount in a restaurant nearby.
St. Stephen's Basilica can be reached within a 5-minute walk.
Shops can be found within 600 m.
Guests can also enjoy the steam bath or a massage treatment, at a surcharge.
Baneasa Airport is just 5 km from the Johann Strauss.
It offers homemade food and also cooking classes.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 29 km from the property.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
The accommodation is provided with cable TV, a Hi-Fi music system, a DVD player and a wood-burning stove in the living room.
Some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
All units have a dining area and a seating area with a TV.
A guest kitchen includes a microwave, tea and coffee-making facilities and a toaster.
Each unit features individual temperature control.
Rooms are en suite and air-conditioned at Tonfoni Hotel.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
You are invited to visit the Dades Gorges, Todra Gorges and the Skoura palm groove.
Each room has a private bathroom with shower facilities.
Rio de Janeiro’s historic and cultural neighbourhood of Lapa is at your doorstep at the Hotel Americano.
Split Airport is located 17 km away.
At Cabañas Alma de la Sierra guests will find a sun terrace.
There are two bedrooms with single beds.
Ambassador Flat is 10 Km from city centre and 35 Km from the airport.
Beverly Guest House is a 10-minute walk from the Avenue of Stars and the Star Ferry Terminal.
The nearest airport is Delhi International Airport, 9 km from the property.
Lutong Guesthouse offers affordable accommodation in Langfang, with convenience transportation.
It offers free Wi-Fi access and suites with a fireplace and antique-style furniture.
Tavernas, cafes and grocery stores are 100 metres away.
The Israel Museum, Church of the Holy Sepulchre and Time Elevator Jerusalem are all within easy reach of the hotel.
The bed and breakfast is 4.8 km from Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse.
Guimarães is 30 km away, and Peneda-Gerês National Park is within 25 km.
Meals can be prepared in the kitchen with an oven, stovetop and kitchenware.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Most units have views of the garden or the Aegean Sea.
In addition, this property also has 7 conference rooms which can be used for various events and meetings.
Apartment Miuda is self-catering accommodation in a central yet quiet area.
Each cottage has a bathroom, a furnished terrace and barbecue facilities.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
The spires of the Church of Our Lady before Týn can be seen in the background.
The dry cleaning, ironing service and laundry facilities are available at a surcharge.
You can enjoy your breakfast at the time of your choice during the day.
Mount Hakodate Ropeway is just a 7-minute walk from the property.
Holiday home Brunbjergvej Ringkøbing IX also offers a sauna and a whirlpool.
Guests at Bunka Hostel Tokyo can enjoy Japanese dishes and sake at the on-site restaurant/bar on the ground floor.
El Plumerillo Airport is 12 km away.
Various shops, restaurants and bars can be found nearby.
The Yangtze Boutique Shanghai is a 40-minute drive to Shanghai Disneyland.
There is also pool bar and a restaurant serving local specialties.
Rapperswil Old Town with its castle, harbour and pedestrian zone is 1 km away.
This property also features a shared garden and terrace.
The historic temples, Wat Chedi Luang and Wat Chiang Man are a 10-minute walk.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Hostel Devon offers accommodation in Oktyabr'skiy.
Free private parking is offered at the guest house.
Local restaurants and bars can be found within a 5-minute ride away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
An airport transfer service is available for an extra charge.
Downtown is 169 km away.
The Mushroom Restaurant serves breakfast from 08:00 - 11:00 hrs and dinner from 18:00 - 22:00 hrs.
Offering an outdoor pool, Ibis Budget Valence Sud is located in Valence.
Guests can choose between a full English breakfast and a continental breakfast each morning.
Each room here will provide you with a cable TV, air conditioning and a sofa seating area.
The mezzanine in the living area offers two more sleeping capacities.
Bilbao Airport is 100 km away.
Rooms at Hotel Böblinger Haus are bright with wooden furniture.
Wi-Fi is free throughout, and Lake Garda is 4 km away.
Many bars and restaurants can be found along the beachfront promenade, 800 metres from the property.
Each one is air conditioned and features a fridge and private bathroom.
There are a shared kitchen and a shared TV lounge available on site.
Guests can also benefit from a convenient room service.
Free private parking is available at Apartments Arlberglife. St.
The restaurant serves typical Sardinian specialties and Italian classics.
This 4-star, Art Nouveau hotel features a steak restaurant.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Each comes with a cooling fan, plus a private or shared bathroom.
Free private parking is available on site.
Lombok International Airport is reachable within 1 hour and 40 minutes by car and boat.
This historical building is listed as a Latvian Soviet cultural heritage.
Bangkok is 180 km from the property.
A selection of restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walking distance of the accommodation.
You can arrange guided deep sea fishing tours and guided photo boat tours with the accommodation.
The Opava Main Bus and Train Station can be reached on foot in 10 minutes.
City Center Shopping Mall can be reached by car in 25 minutes.
The Emperor (Happy Valley) Hotel is a stylish hotel located a 15-minute drive from the Central Business District.
Saulina Resort is a 40-minute drive from Tomok Ferry Harbour.
Berison Moskovskaya is located in the centre of Kazan, on the bank of Lake Kaban.
It offers free Wi-Fi in public areas, sauna and scenic views of Mellensee Lake.
The Łódź International Fair is only 900 metres away from the hotel.
Padmanabhaswami Temple is 15 km away while Poovar Island is 30 km away.
It features an extensive garden, a terrace and free WiFi access throughout.
The guest house also offers car hire.
Syracuse city centre is 15 minutes’ drive.
Luxemon Xinjiang Yindu Hotel is a 10-minute drive from Hong Shan.
During the summer, guests can enjoy breakfast on the quietly situated terrace.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Private bathroom is equipped with a shower.
You can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
You can also rent a bicycle to explore the island or request for a traditional massage.
Nice Airport is just 5 km away.
A wide variety of cafes, bars and restaurants is a short walk away.
No meals are served on site.
Sanyi Airport is about 44 minutes' drive away.
Ibis Fujairah offers an on-site restaurant with a 24-hour snack service.
A sweet Italian breakfast is served at your table in the café lounge. Savoury produce can be prepared upon request.
Cádiz Train Station and the city’s main conference centre is less than 2 km away.
Throughout the setting, free WiFi is provided.
The National Airport of Milos is 7.6 km away.
Some units offer views of the Trencin castle.
A furnished patio is provided for outdoor dining.
Some rooms have views of Plaza Catalunya.
Mumbai Domestic Airport is 16 km, while Mumbai International Airport is 20 km away.
Located on the beach along the Mediterranean Sea, Olympos Lodge is surrounded by green gardens.
The centre of Alghero is a 3-minute drive away.
Cambridge is 3.8 km from the property.
For more meal options, local restaurants are available within a 5-minute drive from the property.
Enjoy traditional and family-style cuisine.
The cosy restaurant uses local, organic produce in its dishes.
Bed linen and towels are provided, as well.
There is a shared bathroom available for guests.
The beautiful surroundings invite you to go Nordic walking or cycling.
Guests enjoy a 60% discount in the Aquapark President.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
The apartments come with a kitchen.
Hôtel L'Eolienne, located in Perpignan, is a residence offering self-catering studios.
You can enjoy pool view and garden view from the room.
Extras include bed linen.
Barclay's Center is 15 minutes by train.
Other facilities at Villa Gran Sol include a year-round outdoor pool.
Free parking is available at a location nearby.
The traditional restaurant specialises in meat dishes and pizza.
Each room comes with a seating area and a TV with cable channels. A small refrigerator is provided as well.
A doorman is available 24 hours at this Rio de Janeiro Copacabana 302 B building.
A full breakfast buffet is provided at Hotel Edem.
The apartments are ideal for couples, families or groups of friends.
Bakeries, convenience stores and many restaurants can be found within 500 metres.
The living room features a fireplace.
Each features an LCD TV and panoramic views of the mountains.
Free private parking is available on site.
Other facilities offered at the property include daily maid service.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Colombo International Airport is located 90 km from the property.
Gourmet seafood grills can be enjoyed at Essence, the specialty restaurant.
This boutique hotel houses a permanent display of art from Papua New Guinea.
Drinks and snacks are prepared at the beach bar.
It features an outdoor pool, children’s pool and free Wi-Fi.
This modern air-conditioned apartment complex offers spacious accommodation with free WiFi access.
Free private parking is available on site.
Extras include towels and linens.
There is also a kitchen, complete with an oven, dishwasher, and washing machine.
At Alice Street Farm Shepherds Hut you will find barbecue facilities.
There are vending machines for snacks and drinks on site.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
You can enjoy a sea view from all the rooms.
Accommodation includes a mix of simple but comfortable private rooms and dormitories
Free private parking is also available.
On request, fresh bread rolls can be delivered in the morning.
Free Wi-Fi and a public bath is available for guests to enjoy their stay.
The kitchen comes equipped with a refrigerator, oven, stove, utensils and a small dining table.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV with cable channels and DVD player.
Piazza della Signoria and Uffizi Gallery are a 15-minute walk away.
Guests can have a relaxing barbecue by the pool, or lounge on the terrace overlooking the garden.
Free parking is available on site.
Refreshing workouts can be enjoyed at the fitness centre and free shuttle services to Taipei Nangang Exhibition Hall are available.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Evening meals can be provided upon request and at an additional cost.
Rocky River Golf Course and the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater are both 15 minutes away.
The property offers free parking.
Every morning, a varied breakfast buffet is served in the dining room.
Apartment Dea & Ivana is 7 km from Zadar Airport.
Extras include bed linen and a fan.
Bianco offers breakfast each morning.
Los Angeles International Airport is 14 km away.
The property is 6 km from Marrakech Menara Airport and 4.2 km from Jemaâ El Fna Square.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free airport shuttle is featured.
Spoleto is reachable by car in 30 minutes.
Kristina Suites offers air-conditioned accommodation in the centre of Sarandë.
Adi Sucipto International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in the entire property, while bicycles can be rented at no charge.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, luggage storage and dry cleaning.
Guests at Family Inn Bird-in-Hand can dine at the Bird-in-Hand Family Restaurant and Smorgasbord.
A continental breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room.
Each air-conditioned room at the Hilton Princess includes a minibar, coffee maker and safe.
From May to October the Löwen Alpincard is included in the rate.
The hotel is located just 1.1 kilometres from Nai Yang National Park.
There is also a dining table, and a lounge area with sofas and a flat-screen TV.
Every room includes a private bathroom.
The restaurant serves Swabian specialities.
Providenciales International Airport is 12 km away.
Utilise this as the ideal comfortable base from which to enjoy your break with a difference.
Tbilisi International Airport is 28 km away.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Three of the Plovidiv's Tepe can be reached in a 10-minute walk from Guest House The Old House.
It opens to a balcony and patio, while free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Batumi International Airport is 6 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport is Murtala Muhammed International Airport, 20 km from Indigo Hotel.
All units also feature a private balcony and a full kitchen for added comforts.
The apartment is 2 km from Bolshoi Theatre.
Safety equipment such as a life vest and fire extinguisher are provided.
The Kranichbar offers a fireplace and cosy atmosphere.
The bathroom has a shower.
It offers a private bathroom with toiletries and a hairdryer.
At Urban Deca Homes Condominium, guests can access the Club House.
All offer a kitchenette with 2 cook-tops, a toaster and a fridge.
Ham Rong Mountain is just 100 metres from the hotel.
Latham Inn rooms include a refrigerator and microwave.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
The property offers free parking.
Fine Swiss cuisine is served in the restaurant. You can choose from 3 lakeside terraces.
At Apart Hotel David you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared kitchen.
There is a kitchen with a dining table.
It takes a 15-minute drive from Silver Sea Hotels to Da Nang International Airport.
The property offers free parking on site.
Located in Popovka, 28 km from Yevpatoriya, Hotel on Morskaya str.
Relaxing Thai massages are available on the premises.
Seasonal French cuisine is served in the Acacia’s brasserie with garden terrace.
Guests benefit from terrace.
Each room has a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Within 3.5 km and 7.0 km shops and restaurants can be found.
The apartment features ironing facilities.
Guests can play table tennis and enjoy water sports facilities at the hotel.
It has an à la carte restaurant and non-smoking rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Viwaldi Hotel offers rooms and apartments decorated in warm colours.
It also offers a large, peaceful Mediterranean-style garden.
Accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a terrace and a seating area.
Several restaurants can be found within a 10-minute drive of Dokterstuin Cottage.
There is also an Irish Pub in the hostel.
The public bath features natural hot spring water during the summer.
Breakfast is provided upon request.
A sweet Italian-style breakfast is served daily.
The Giant's Causeway lies 90 km from the accommodation and Dublin is located 180 km away.
Views of the sea, mountain or lake are featured in certain rooms.
The RentinRent apartment features a spacious living room with a seating area and a coffee table.
There is also a dining table.
The Hoch-Ötz, Seefeld and Biberwier Ski Areas are within a 20-minute drive.
Szczecin Goleniów Airport can be reached in a 45-minute drive.
Some accommodations have a mountain view.
Several restaurants featuring Austrian and international cuisine are located within a range of 2 km.
Pau is 45 km from the hotel and the property offers free parking.
You can enjoy your breakfast in the garden by the pool.
The hotel offers a daily breakfast buffet from 06:30.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
The E46-motorway is a 3-minute drive from the bed and breakfast.
Falls of the Ohio State Park is less than 5 miles away.
Lagos Live Science Center is 800 metres away and Lagos Marina is 1.4 km away.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Free private parking is available on site.
Breakfast, half-board and full-board can be booked on site.
Villa Florence’s rooms are styled in contemporary Italian décor and warm colors.
The hotel is only a 5-minute walk to the town centre and a 15-minute walk from Polis Beach.
The Meeting is within easy reach of Cesena town centre.
Ancient Fort of Mont Boron is 7 km from California Park.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Featuring free WiFi, Taoyuan Business offers neatly arranged guestrooms.
Lisbon Destination’s accommodations are bright and have free WiFi access.
If you feel like exploring the area, you can hike through mountains and the fjords.
Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport is 65 km away.
Hostel Myshelovka features free WiFi throughout the property.
The Hollywood Economy Inn also provides guests with a variety of thoughtful amenities, including wireless internet access.
The beach is just 4 minutes’ walk away.
Free private parking is available.
Outdoor activities include hiking in the beautiful surroundings.
Hotel Fabiola is a functional hotel located in the heart of Mexico’s city centre.
This farm stay is 79 km from Rotterdam The Hague Airport.
Each has satellite TV and a minibar.
Free private parking is available as well.
Extras include a safety deposit box and bed linen.
Restaurants, taverns and bars are within a short walk from the property.
It is a 10-minute drive to Ho Chi Minh Museum, while Noi Bai International Airport is within a 35-minute drive away.
The Bandaranaike International Airport is located 73 km away.
Bathroom facilities are private or shared.
All units include a seating area.
Free Wi-Fi is provided.
The pool bar operates from 9:00 to 22:30 hours.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and air conditioning. Some have a private bathroom.
The property’s restaurant specialises in regional cuisine.
A continental breakfast is offered each morning.
The nearest airport is Manchester Airport, 12 km from the property.
All of them offer stunning views to the mountains.
Esplanade des Quinconces is 1.1 km from HOSTEL20, while Place de la Bourse is 1.4 km from the property.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
Guest bungalows are spacious with a veranda including seating.
It is close to the A33 and A6 motorways, both a 5-minute drive away.
The nearest grocery shop is only 20 metres from M Palace Villa Apartments.
A small beach is 300 metres from the property.
There is an equipped kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Meeting rooms are available.
The property is 37.8 km from Les Chute's de Riviere Noire.
Hönow Underground Station is only 100 metres from the hotel.
The accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a TV and DVD player.
Guests can relax in the riad’s lounges.
With free private parking on site, this hotel is accessible via the A6 motorway.
A fitness room and a sauna can also be enjoyed on site.
São Jorge Castle is a 12-minute drive away.
The property also provides laundry and dry cleaning services.
Each unit is fully air-conditioned.
Vilnius International Airport is 8.8 km from Green Old Town Apartments.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.
Other facilities at Holiday Home Soft include a barbecue.
The resort provides traditional Thai massages.
Local restaurants are available within a 4 km radius.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing.
Those wishing to lie-in will appreciate our open-end breakfast.
Staff can arrange boat trips around the Gulf of Trieste.
The kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Featuring a bath with a shower attachment, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Rooms at the Hotel Canek feature functional décor and wooden furniture.
Local Indonesian dishes, as well as Western food, can be enjoyed at the hotel's restaurant.
You can enjoy garden view from the rooms.
The centre of Rawlins, with many shopping and dining options, is 3 km from the property.
Access to the beach, an outdoor pool, and free WiFi are provided.
You can play darts at the inn.
Private parking is available on site.
Hongqiao Airport is a 30-minute drive from this property. Pudong International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with bathrobes.
Bike hire and car hire are available at this hotel and the area is popular for snorkeling.
The hotel also offers car hire.
Free private, on-site parking is possible.
Ufa International Airport is located 21 km away.
Parking is provided at no additional charge at Dolan’s Platinum.
Cottages are equipped with full kitchens.
Free private parking is provided.
The bright rooms are air conditioned and feature satellite TV.
Each is provided with a welcome kit including a bottle of water, beer, coke and wine.
There is luggage storage space at the property.
Facilities include iPod docking station, flat-screen TV and bathtub.
Pension Mai has 2 restaurants, offer a rich variety of dishes from Romanian and international cuisine.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each one has a bathroom and uses electricity from solar panels.
All rooms come with a flat-screen cable TV and a seating area for your convenience.
It can be reached through a cable car leaving from Piazzale Funivie.
A coffee shop and a grocery store are located within the complex.
Poznań’s main railway station is 10 minutes away by tram.
Staff can arrange guided tours of the Chianti area and trips to Florence and Siena.
Castiglione del Lago, on the shores of Lake Trasimeno, is a 1-hour drive away.
A variety of restaurants, shops and bars are within 2 minutes' walk from the property.
Situated in the water, the cabins are built on stilts and feature a private balcony with a hammock.
Hotel Zorza is 4 km from Lake Michalice.
Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport is 12 minutes' drive away.
Marrakech-Menara Airport is 5 km away.
Rail, bus and ferry terminals are within a 2 - 8 minute walk of the Royal Hotel.
The Kantoria restaurant serves traditional Polish meals.
There is also an equipped kitchen, fitted with an oven, microwave and fridge. A stovetop and kettle are also available.
Hostel Svoi is situated in Pyatigorsk, 300 metres from Pyatigorsk Bus Station.
Guests may also rent a car to explore the area.
The property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
The Rimigliano Nature Park by the Tuscan Archipelago can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
The property offers free parking.
Galle City is a 10-minute drive. A 15-minute drive leads to Galle Fortress Castle.
Some apartments come with a balcony and partial garden views.
Rooms at Sofitel Saigon Plaza offer views of the city.
It features 2 outdoor swimming pools with sun loungers and parasols, and free Wi-Fi.
All units feature a seating and dining area.
Explorer's Rest features free WiFi throughout the property.
A TV is offered.
Free WiFi is available in the main building.
Frederikshavn Train Station is 10 minutes’ walk away.
The unit is 400 metres from Provincial Archaeology Museum of Alicante.
The hostel provides simply decorated rooms. Guests can use a shared bathroom.
Continental buffet-style breakfast is available every morning.
Austrian specialities and international cuisine are served in the restaurant of the Mohnenfluh hotel.
The bathrooms come with a bath tub.
You can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
Prairie Mall Shopping Center and the Grande Prairie Museum are both within a 10 minutes' drive of the hotel.
The rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Geneva International Airport is located 74 km from the property.
The kitchen is fully equipped, and guests can enjoy their meals in the Winter garden, with views of the garden.
Free private parking is also available at this apartment.
Vietnamese and International cuisine is served at the hotel’s in-house restaurant.
It is possible to order massage services or to play bowling or billiards.
The Museum of Ancient Glass is 1.9 km from Apartment Ela, while Palace of the Governor General is 1.9 km away.
Featuring air conditioning, Yuvam Motel offers accommodation in Trabzon.
Heating and air conditioning are available on request and at an additional cost.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are available, as well as fax and photocopying facilities.
Guests can relax on the terrace, complete with BBQ facilities.
Mountain views can be enjoyed from all rooms.
Rooms here feature stylized, classic furniture will provide you with a TV and satellite channels.
The kitchen includes a dishwasher and microwave.
Each room comes with a TV, wardrobe and tiled floor.
Shewe Wana also offers complimentary Tuk-Tuk shuttle service to the night bazaar.
The nearest airport is Milan Linate Airport, 8 km from Milano Weekend House.
The centre of Lucerne is a 15-minute drive away.
Free coffee is provided in the lobby each morning.
Guests can also relax in the country-style bar.
Free private parking is on the property’s grounds.
You can engage in various activities, such as skiing and hiking.
Milano Centrale Train station is 3 km away.
151 Bogdan Khmelnitski Flat features free WiFi .
Each room is decorated in a traditional style and has a private terrace.
Units are equipped with a TV and telephone.
The nearest airport is San Diego International Airport, 7 km from Bayside Lane at San Diego.
Parking at the residence is free.
Chicago International Airport is 40 minutes’ drive away.
Each comes with a DVD player and a flat-screen TV.
A hairdryer and free toiletries are provided.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony.
The Gino Allegri airport is less than 2 km from the property.
For guests ́ convenience, the front desk is open 24 hours a day.
Guests can enjoy the Parkschlössl’s own mini-golf course.
Complete with an oven and a microwave, one property provides a dishwasher and an outdoor dining area.
The property boasts views of the city is 48 km from Taranto.
It features free Wi-Fi.
The ATP Stadium Stella Maris is located at a distance of 1.5 km.
Golden West Casino is 4 miles away.
The nearest airport is Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport, 19 km from the property.
An Italian breakfast of croissants and cappuccino is provided daily.
Non-smoking rooms are provided upon request.
A grocery stire and a bakery can be found 100 metres from the Hostel Belafuza.
It offers free WiFi, a snack bar and rooms with cable TV and a balcony.
Free WiFi access is available.
The centre of Mali Lošinj is 300 metres away.
The Ciscar Hotel has a café-bar and a restaurant.
Free WiFi is provided .
The dining area is available.
The on-site restaurant with a sun terrace serves homemade regional cuisine.
Free private parking is available at the property.
Each one has a private bathroom and some have a balcony.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine and microwave.
The beach can be reached in a 5-minute walk.
Each includes a private or a shared bathroom with a bath or a shower.
Each apartment has a washing machine.
The hotel is 15 minutes' taxi ride away from Harbin Railway Station.
Stratford can be reached in 25 minutes via public transport.
Adana Sakirpasa Airport is 65 km away.
Misano World Circuit is around 2 km away.
WiFi is free in all areas.
Deira City Centre Shopping Mall and the Gold Souk are 10 minutes’ drive away.
A washing machine is also provided in all of the AMS Brussels Flats.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The nearest airport is Bandaranaike International Airport, 78 km from the property.
The price also includes a continental buffet breakfast.
Kaupanger Stave Church is a 11.5 km away.
The Drauradweg Bicycle Trail can be easily reached from Haus Rosenheim.
All rooms include a TV with cable channels.
Free WiFi is available in public areas and in some rooms.
At SolHabitat Villa Maroa you will find a garden with barbecue facilities and sun loungers.
Humewood Beach is a 5-minute drive away from St. Phillips.
At Grand Exotica Business Hotel you will find a concierge desk and terrace.
Nearby attractions include Lenin Mausoleum, and the Red Square which are both 2 km from City Inn Taganka.
There is also a well equipped business centre on site.
Laundry facilities are available and all apartments are fitted with safety boxes.
The motel is located within a 10-minute drive of Lake Erie State Park, which features beach access.
Featuring in a traditional decoration, each guest room has a flat-screen TV and is individually styled.
A 10-minute drive away, guests can find Roussillon and Gordes.
The city of Tokaj is reachable in 20 km.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower and 24-hour hot water.
The nearest train stop is just a few steps away.
In warm weather, guests can dine and enjoy drinks in the peaceful garden.
Some units include views of the river or garden.
Rooms feature a wooden four-poster bed with netting and a fan.
Utapao-Rayong-Pataya International Airport is 31 km from the property.
Antik Tatlidede Konagi in Mardin offers free Wi-Fi and air conditioning.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a games room.
The well-equipped spa centre includes a sauna and hot tub.
This hotel is set in a pine forest by the river, in the village of Chyornaya Gryaz.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A bicycle can be rented at an additional cost.
All units have a kitchenette equipped with a microwave and fridge.
A 6-seater dining table is also included.
Alternatively, there are many restaurants surrounding the hotel.
Canoga Hotel at Warner Center is 2 miles from Pierce College.
A microwave, stove and fridge are available in the kitchenette.
This property also features free WiFi.
Breakfast is available as well.
This hotel is located in the west of Novosibirsk, a 20-minute drive from the city centre.
The apartment is fitted with parquet floors, and it comes with a flat-screen TV and a washing machine.
Within 400 m shops can be found.
The living room features a balcony and flat-screen TV.
Front desk staff at Słowianin can provide assistance 24 hours a day.
You can also check out Cham Museum, situated 2.3 km away and My An Beach, 3.4 km away.
Adiyaman Airport is 23 km away.
The hotel is 25 minutes by car from Bordeaux-Mérignac Airport.
At Yamal Hotel you will find a snack bar and breakfast is served daily.
Hotel Kvesheti has a bar and garden.
The centre of Capannoli is 5 km away.
The Alpi Apuane nature protection area can be reached in 10 minutes by car.
Panticosa Ski Resort is a 50-minute drive away, and you can drive to Huesca in 1 hour and 10 minutes.
A flat-screen TV is available.
The outdoor swimming pool offers views of the fjord below.
You will find a tour desk at the property.
The air-conditioned rooms come with garden views, a TV and a refrigerator.
The restaurant of Hotel Brasserie N4 offers a panoramic view on the surrounding landscape.
You can enjoy sea view from the room.
Mumbai Airport is 165 km away.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen.
All have a work desk and a private bathroom with a shower.
Zakynthos International Airport is at 4 km and Zakynthos Town is 7 km away.
Lux Apartments is 300 metres from a sports and leisure centre.
The Pinars de Murada complex includes an outdoor pool, a hot tub and sauna.
The nearest bus stop is also 200 metres away.
Dunoon is at the western gateway to the Loch Lomond National Park.
Some units include a seating area and/or terrace.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Guest house Galitsino.
Savoury options are also available upon request.
Featuring wooden furnishings, rooms have a minibar, fridge and work desk.
Free Wi-Fi access and a free continental breakfast are provided.
Free WiFi and free parking are available.
Common facilities at Strandly Skagen Hotel include a garden and a terrace.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge with a projector TV, a tour desk, and luggage storage.
Free private parking is available on site.
It offers free parking and rooms with satellite TV.
Each room at Hotel Giza is decorated in a classical style and has a kettle.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for hiking.
Agropoli is 15 km away
Many rooms have stunning views over the beach and the bay.
This hotel sits directly on Maguariqueçaba Beach within Ilha Grande’s tropical surroundings.
Each is fitted with air conditioning and a private bathroom with shower.
Free private parking is available.
All of them have DVD players and fully-equipped kitchens.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is provided.
Alushta is 19 km from Usadba Magnoliia.
Bicycle and car rentals are offered at the reception.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV. There is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
A continental breakfast is served every morning at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk West Super 8.
Apartamenty Kierpcówka A Zakopane is located in a picturesque area of Zakopane-Kościelisko.
This hotel does not have a restaurant.
The town of Skelskør, 5 km away, has a variety of restaurants.
Pokoje Fiesta features free WiFi throughout the property.
Plant City city centre is 2.8 km from Holiday Inn Express and Suites Plant City.
The en suite bathroom has a shower and free toiletries.
The nearest airport is Falcone-Borsellino Airport, 97.5 km from Rustico Uzzo.
The rooms at Hotel São Lucas are spacious and feature tiled floors and simple décor.
It offers rooms with air conditioning and free WiFi.
Within 300 metres of the hotel, guests can find a restaurant, a bar and a supermarket.
Private bathroom comes with a shower, bathtub and a hairdryer.
Opéra Marigny is located in the 8th arrondissement in Paris, between the famous Opéra Garnier and Place de la Madeleine.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, CD player, Satellite and DVD player.
Free parking is possible on site.
Rounds Family Ranch is 5 minutes' drive from these cottages.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer are available in a bathroom.
The nearest airport is Linate Airport, 15 km from Tulip Apartment.
The guests can enjoy their meals at the in-house restaurant.
Rooms here will provide you with a cable TV and shared bathroom facilities with showers.
Beloalter Hotel is located by the waters of Tapajós River and creeks, which form the Green Lake.
The Stubai Glacier is 15 km away.
Rooms here come with a TV and include a private bathroom with a shower.
Prudentópolis waterfall is 70 km from Fazenda Virá.
Each room is fitted with a TV. Certain rooms have views of the garden or city.
Guests can use the property’s tennis courts free of charge.
Free private parking spaces are available on the property’s premises.
It is 20 minutes' drive from Langdales Vineyard Restaurant.
Bed linens are provided.
This holiday home is 13 km from Aarhus Airport.
They are equipped satellite TV and a private bathroom with a bath tub.
The en suite bathroom has a hairdryer.
Fishing and tennis is possible nearby.
Aquapark Batumi is 300 metres away.
The rooms are built out of natural materials like brick, wood and bamboo.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
The hotel also has a café and a bar where you can get a snack or a drink.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided in most of the property.
The reception features a small lounge area with armchairs and a flat-screen TV.
Free private parking is provided.
Apartment Jurja Dobrile I is located in Rovinj.
The Sēļu Park is 2 km away.
Guests can relax in the Best Western Khan’s sauna.
The accommodation provides a TV with satellite channels, a DVD- and a CD player.
The restaurant has a terrace, where you can enjoy Mediterranean cuisine and excellent desserts.
The bathroom is complete with shower, hairdryer and toiletries.
Transfers can be arranged at an extra charge.
Barlborough town centre is just 1km away.
Featuring a seasonal outdoor pool, this hotel is 15 minutes’ drive from Lake Powell.
Each room has a private bathroom and a TV.
Other dining alternatives can be found within 10 metres from the property.
The summer restaurant offers à la carte lunches and dinners.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, ticketing service and a tour desk.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai Airport, 12 km from the property.
This property is 1.3 km from Alameda Park and from the local market.
The hotel features rooms with sea view balcony, each equipped with air condition, TV and heating.
A washing machine and an iron are available.
The bus station with buses to Tulcea is 50 metres away from the Puiu.
A kitchenette equipped with a fridge, cooking hobs and an electric oven is provided in each of the cottages.
Dry cleaning, ironing and laundry services are also offered.
Their private bathrooms have showers.
Free Wi-Fi and breakfast are included.
Towels are available.
Located 500 metres from Original Starbucks Store, Seattle Prominence Apartment offers accommodation in Seattle.
The hotel has good road links to junction 3 of the M5 motorway.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and a microwave.
They are fitted with air conditioning, a TV and a minibar with fridge.
-107 km to Tiznit
El Sol Avenue is 100 metres away.
Shenzhen Civic Center is 5 km from Mark Hotel.
The nearest airport is Varna Airport, 18 km from the property.
The A65 motorway is 10 km from the hotel.
Private bathrooms come equipped with a walk-in shower.
Breakfast can also be ordered there.
In the surroundings you will find shops (1.6 km) and a restaurant (4 km).
Free WiFi is available .
Guests can enjoy simple European breakfast including toast, coffee and juice at the dining area.
It offers well-equipped studios with free Wi-Fi.
Kitchens have microwaves.
The famous Alexanderplatz square is 15 minutes away by city rail.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge with TV, a shared kitchen, and a games room.
Certain units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Passo Pordoi Pass can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
Residenza Zaccolo is set in Lignano Sabbiadoro, 1.7 km from Porto Lignano.
All Rooms feature en suite shower rooms, TV and tea/coffee making facilities.
Little River Memorial Hospital is 1 mile from the motel.
At Crazy Mzungos you will find a garden and a bar.
A varied breakfast is served in the garden during the summer, and breakfast room service is also available.
The air-conditioned unit is equipped with a kitchen. A flat-screen TV is offered.
The metro station provides links to the centre of St. Petersburg and the lively Nevskiy Prospekt.
Free private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport is Podgorica Airport, 88 km from Žabljak-Tara Bridge House.
All apartments have a living room and a well equipped kitchen.
The rooms have tiled floors and are decorated in neutral colours.
The modern, air-conditioned apartments offer free Wi-Fi.
Some have unobstructed sea views.
The hotel also offers bike hire.
The Tulsa Airport Best Western offers a hot breakfast.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
RASA Homestay also includes a sauna and fitness centre.
It features a pool and is a 10-minute drive to the centre of Cape Town.
A shared garden is available.
The rolling hills around Huize Poswick are planted with the northernmost vineyards of Europe.
There is a restaurant and a bar in Pik Palace.
Nana Beach offers spa facilities with a sauna, a Turkish bath and massage services.
A daily breakfast and a 24-hour front desk are available to all guests.
A safety deposit box is available upon request and for a surcharge.
The Katra Bus Station is 1 km.
Free WiFi in public areas is available.
Plovdiv Airport is 50 km away.
The apartment providesa TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Hotel Vienna in the town of Silistra features a restaurant with a bar and a summer garden, and offers air-conditioned rooms.
The nearest airport is Turin Airport, 13 km from the property.
This Savonlinna property offers self-catering accommodation within 3 km of Olavinlinna Castle.
Dar es Salaam Harbour, with ferries to Zanzibar, is 5 km from Hotel New Rolet.
Select villas have a balcony or porch as well.
The Old City is 200 metres away.
Adhi Jaya Hotel is located in Kuta, a 5-minute walk from Kuta Beach.
Wi-Fi is free at reception.
There are several restaurants in the surrounding area.
The bathroom is complete with a shower and a hairdryer.
Hotel Condado de Miranda features a rustic design with stone walls and tile roofs.
Nearby activities include hiking and fishing.
Guests can also relax in the hotel bar where selection of drinks is served.
Jardines del Real Gardens is 650 metres from the property, and the City of Arts and Sciences is 25 minutes away by bus.
The Fenix is situated just 300 metres from the Szczyrk Bus Station.
The property features a spacious garden and antique furniture.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes and free toiletries.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this villa.
The individually furnished rooms all have cable TV.
Schiphol Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
Breakfast is served and free WiFi is accessible throughout the property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
You can find shops, bars and restaurants within a 3-minute drive in central Roseau.
Guest House on Neteka is located in Suzdal, 600 metres from the historic centre.
Texas Memorial Stadium is a 10-minute drive away.
Barbecue facilities are also available.
The historical Old Town area is also a 15-minute drive.
The beautiful Medieval town of Rothenburg ob der Tauber is only 7 km away.
San Gimignano and Siena are both 30 km away.
The charming rooms of Magnolia include wooden floors and furnishings.
Set in Poti, this apartment features free WiFi. Guests benefit from balcony.
After starting the day with a complimentary breakfast, guests can relax around the large outdoor pool.
Free private parking and free Wi-Fi are provided at each chalet.
Verona Arena is 2 km away.
Guests can also use free of charge a swimming pool, a sauna and a steam room at a location nearby the property.
It offers an on-site restaurant and modern rooms with free Wi-Fi access.
The front desk, which is open 24 hours, can organise laundry and dry cleaning services.
You can also socialize with other guests or simply relax at the shared lounge area.
Mljet National Park is at a distance of 28 km.
Active guests can work out in the small gym.
You will enjoy the restaurant room of the camp park decorated in a nautical style.
Fitz's bar offers a selection of light meals, snacks and cocktails made to order.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Guests can also entertain and make use of Hotel Francesco’s BBQ facilities and garden area.
Piraeus is 28 km from Villa Sunset Lagonisi.
The hotel’s restaurant serves an à la carte breakfast every morning.
Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, a minibar and a kitchenette with a refrigerator.
All private bathrooms come with a shower and hairdryer.
Bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Restaurant Kappo Tsuzumi prides itself in exquisite Japanese cooking, presented in beautiful Japanese dining ware.
Cityzen is a 15-minute drive from Sanur Beach and a 20-minute drive from downtown Denpasar.
Villa Vilamar features free WiFi .
A variety of restaurants, shops and bars are within 5 minutes' drive from the house.
Bicycles and rowing boats can be rented at Sparrens Bed and Breakfast.
One of the apartments also features a gardened patio with lawn furniture.
You can find the Bělsky les Bus Stop right in front of the hotel.
Bed linen and towels are provided, and a washing machine is available.
Some of the rooms have balcony and work desk.
This hotel is officially adapted for guests with reduced mobility.
The en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the Café Club.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Room service can be requested for in-room dining comforts.
Navona Square and the Pantheon can be reached respectively in 15 and 20 minutes on foot.
An outdoor pool is available for guest relaxation.
Guests will also enjoy the seasonal outdoor pool.
An Italian sweet breakfast is provided at a café, 50 metres away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The Kaiservilla Palace and the Eurotherme Thermal Baths are within 1 km.
A continental breakfast is provided each morning at Aux Fées Des Grèves.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Hibbert's Home also includes a year-round outdoor pool.
Split Airport is 25 km away.
Extras include shared barbecue facilities and a terrace.
This self-catering accommodation features a kitchen and free Wi-Fi. The accommodation also provides free breakfast.
The restaurant serves Maronesa beef dishes and a bar and snack bar are featured.
For guests’ convenience, Fort Collins Days Inn provides a 24-hour front desk and a safety deposit box.
Grand Central Station and the United Nations are located in Midtown East.
It is 9 km from Cannes and 12 km from the perfume town of Grasse.
You can relax in the relaxing lounge area, where there is a library and a fireplace.
The India Gate is 16 km while Red Fort is 22 km.
The property offers free parking.
Rooms come with cable TV channels and balconies.
The hotel is 11 km from Tiran Island and 40 km from Ras Mohamed National Park.
Free WiFi access is available in the hotel rooms.
You can relax by the fireplace in the lobby bar or at the bar overlooking the swimming pool, accompanied by a wide selection of wines.
Guests will be able to find a restaurant area just a short 5-minute walk from the property, in the town centre.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
The kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, an electric kettle and a refrigerator.
There is a contemporary on-site restaurant, a bar and a nightclub.
There is also a variety of good restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk of the hotel.
The kitchenette comes with a dishwasher.
All rooms at Hostel Helsingborg have a shared bathroom and a work desk.
The nearest airport is Tagbilaran Airport, 75 km from the property.
Paestum Train Station is 2.5 km away.
The next restaurant is 1 km away.
The Novotel Nürnberg’s restaurant offers Franconian and international cuisine.
The light and airy Apartamento Residencial WTC México is fitted with stylish, modern furniture.
Dali Railway Station is located a 40-minute drive away.
The hotel features a restaurant with room service and free Wi-Fi in public areas.
The bathrooms are equipped with showers.
Ilica Beach is 7 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is available.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
The Lambert St. Louis International airport is less than 10 miles from the hotel.
The suite features a balcony and a seating area.
The expansive terrace offers outside dining, with panoramic views.
Some room types include a bathtub.
Lake Senba is a 10-minute drive from the hotel, and Mitokairaku-en Garden is a 12-minute drive away.
The bathrooms are either private, or shared.
Located at the banks of the Sand River, Umkumbe Safari Lodge is located in Sabi Sand Game Reserve.
Suites La Residence is 1.5 km from the Corniche seafront promenade.
Guests at Apartamento Guarujá can take in the ocean view from the balcony.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
Guests are welcome to explore the surrounding hiking and cycling trails.
The rooms have a TV.
The bar and lounge are available with entertainment and happy hour.
On-site parking is free and the nearest bus stop is 50 metres away.
Free public parking is available at a location nearby.
Guests can enjoy Indian and Chinese specialties at the in-house restaurant, Milky Way.
The garden features sun loungers, and a barbecue area.
A free breakfast including hot dishes is served daily.
Surfing, kayaking and scuba diving activities trips can also be arranged.
An airport shuttle service is available, and there is free parking available on-site.
Heraklion International Airport is 63 km away from Rethymno Sunset.
The Moubra bus station is 50 metres away.
The three-bedroom apartment is provided with a living/dining room with open-hearth fireplace.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the resort.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can enjoy drinks and light snacks at Kanpura Coffee Bar.
Air conditioning is available, as well as cable TV, a DVD player and a washing machine.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Rooms are decorated with bright colors.
Rooms are fitted with a TV with satellite channels.
A restaurant serving a local specialties can also be found within the 5-minute walk.
Holiday Homes D also includes a barbecue.
Wi-Fi is free in shared areas.
Varied buffet breakfasts can be enjoyed in the mornings.
Free private parking is available at the hostel for guests that arrive by car.
There also is a pub on site as well as meeting and banquet facilities.
A TV is available. Other facilities at Apartament na wakacje include a sun terrace.
Free private parking is available at Departamento Pelicanos.
The free ski bus to the Gastein Valley stops just 100 metres away.
It is a boutique hotel with a swimming pool and sauna.
This holiday park is 49 km from Los Angeles International Airport.
The centre can be found within 1.5 km.
Located 5 km from Goreme Open Air Museum, this pension offers panoramic valley and village views.
Apartamentos Trip Soleil Playa is located in central Platja d’Aro, right on the beachfront.
Vortex Springs, an outdoor recreation and dive park, is located 25 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
Mountain biking and hiking trails are located a short distance from the hotel.
Room service is available upon request.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
The rooms will provide you with a mountain view and a garden view.
Vending machines for snacks and drinks are provided for your convenience.
At Guest House Mila, guests can also enjoy a garden and a terrace.
Hermanus Golf Course is a 5-minute drive away.
Offering a garden, Apartments Malo is set in Ksamil, 2.6 km from Butrint National Park.
Free Wi-Fi and satellite TV are available in all of Villa Vela Luka’s accommodations.
Kings Lynn Golf Club is 1.5 miles away and historical Castle Rising can be reached in 5 minutes’ drive.
Numerous cafés, pubs and shops can be found in the immediate vicinity.
Ljubljana Airport can be reached in 140 km.
Guests can relax by the pool or on the terrace.
The Lofoten Aquarium and the Lofot Museum are both a 5-minute drive away.
It features a garden with a swimming pool and a private tennis court. It has a free private parking.
Paradise Center, a vast shopping and entertainment centre, is 2.5 km away.
The property offers 7 terraces.
A toboggan run is just 100 metres away and free private parking is possible on site.
Private parking is available on site.
A tennis court and sauna are offered at a surcharge.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Selected rooms feature bath tub and sauna.
At Aba Apartamenty you will find a garden.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Several eateries can be found close by.
Viareggio Train Station is 4 km from the Burlamacco hotel.
Some rooms have a small balcony.
A washing machine and ironing facilities are also available.
Towels and linen are provided.
Hotel Victoria River View is a 15-minute drive from Duta Shopping Mall.
A seating area with a satellite TV and minibar is in each spacious room at Lagonya Club Garden.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.
The residence is just across the road from the beach and a 5-minute drive from Federico Fellini Airport.
There is a 24-hour help desk and airport transfers can be arranged upon request.
A 24-hour reception is available.
Mountain Home Smokehouse Grill is located on-site and serves BBQ dishes in a family-friendly environment.
This holiday home is 9 km from Valencia Airport.
Guests will be able to find a supermarket within 250 metres.
Several have a shared bathroom.
Free private parking is possible on site.
There is a garden and a terrace at Dom Tulipan, where guests can relax and admire the views.
Rooms at The King Arthur Hotel come with a TV, a writing desk and tea and coffee making facilities.
Homemade brandy and figs are offered by the owners.
Guests can ask for coffee service at the front desk, and they can find a variety of restaurants at the town centre.
You can also enjoy it in the room.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities.
The nearest restaurant is 2 km away and it’s only 15km to Annila Golf Club.
Uzkanaves is 3.7 km away from the Palanga International Airport.
Guests at MyStays Fukuoka Tenjin can enjoy a health treatment at the spa.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
It is 15 km from the A12 Motorway and 10 minutes’ drive from the Sanctuary of Montenero.
The property also offers free parking.
At Apartmani Medo you will find a garden and a terrace.
You can enjoy sea view and mountain view.
A coffee maker and minibar are also provided.
Toulouse Airport is 20 minutes away and the centre of Toulouse is a 10-minute drive away.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Guests can enjoy a simple buffet with Japanese and Western dishes.
In-room dining is possible.
The family restaurant, also called Castro, is only a 2-minute walk away.
Laundry, fax and photocopying services are available in the hotel.
Free WiFi access is available.
There are table tennis facilities and a bicycle rental on site.
The soundproofed rooms at Hotel Jarama have modern décor with wooden flooring.
Free ironing services and free daily newspapers are offered. Housecleaning is provided free of charge.
In addition, the hosts offer shiatsu and massages upon request (charges are applicable).
Domitilla’s Catacombs and the Baths of Caracalla are 15 minutes’ walk from Villa Geta.
The heated Val de Serantes feature bright decor and wooden floors.
Located in Gémenos, Le Mas de Bertagne offers an outdoor swimming pool, a garden and massage treatments.
The en suite bathroom has a hairdryer, soft bathrobes and a bathtub.
Ski centre Levočská Dolina can be reached within 20 km.
A number of restaurants can be found near the property within 300 metres.
Each one comes with a sink, and the shower and toilet are shared.
There is a full a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The nearest restaurant is 1 km away, while a grocery shop is available 1.5 km from the property.
They are all air conditioned and equipped with satellite TV and fridge.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
You can enjoy city view.
A rich continental breakfast is provided every morning in Hotel Maks Haus' guestrooms.
Each stylish and air-conditioned room features a terrace and a pool view.
The rooms feature tatami (woven-straw) floors and Japanese futon bedding.
Porto-Vecchio is 40 km from B&B La Residenza del Mare, while Olbia is 44 km from the property.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Some accommodation is suitable for guests with reduced mobility.
Half board is available on request.
Białystok Railway Station is 7 km from the guesthouse.
It features self-catering accommodation with a balcony.
The air-conditioned rooms at Sala @ Hua Hin come with a fridge, coffee/tea making facilities, and a safety deposit box.
Hôtel Siolgarni SA features free WiFi .
The nearest airport is Tenerife Sur Airport, 27 km from the property.
The port is 250 metres away.
Offering a lovely garden with an outdoor pool, Margarita Hotel is located in Wanda.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
Garden Villa is 18.3 km from the old city at Lahore Fort.
Each uniquely decorated room at the hotel is equipped with a private bathroom.
The O2 is 3.9 miles away.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer are available in a bathroom.
Two double rooms and a bathroom with bath are also featured.
Drinks and snacks can be ordered at the bar around the clock.
Bathrooms are private or shared.
Free parking is available.
It enjoys panoramic views of Chersonisos and Malia Gulf from its furnished balconies.
The Lemon Flat is located in Trapani, just a 5-minute walk from the coast and its beaches.
The spa has a Turkish bath and offers several beauty treatments.
Bars, shops and restaurants are found in the surroundings.
Shops, restaurants, a cinema and theatre are all within walking distance from this property.
Free private parking is available.
Acquamarina Resort is located in front of the sandy New Golden Beach.
Restaurants and supermarkets are within 5 minutes’ walk of Checkin Apartments Kungsholmen.
It offers an outdoor swimming pool, a hot tub, a sauna and a gastronomic restaurant on site.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
It offers free WiFi and air-conditioned units in a building from the 19th century.
You can play darts and squash at the property.
Private and shared bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
Other facilities offered at the property include tour desk and luggage storage.
The rooms have a private bathroom.
A big breakfast buffet is served at the Kurvilla Pauline every day.
A microwave is also available upon a request.
The open-plan kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and dishwasher.
The Weirs Drive-In Theatre is less than 1 mile from the motel.
The restaurant features an all-you-can-eat buffet with regional dishes.
All major tourist sites are within walking distance.
Most units enjoy panoramic views over the Cretan Sea from their furnished verandas.
The property offers free private parking.
Drinks can be enjoyed in the modern bar with colourful lighting.
Some also have a balcony.
Free private parking is available on site.
Featuring free bikes and WiFi in public areas, Mirò B&B is located in Gaeta, just 80 metres from the seafront.
Guests can use the kitchen at their unit to cook for themselves.
Артемида features free WiFi .
Each room features a TV and a private bathroom.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can play petanque at the property and can easily explore the Champagne vineyards.
Apple Lodge (Miri) is located 8 km from Miri Airport and 18 km from Boulevard Shopping Complex.
Each apartment also features a balcony with views of the Rhine Valley.
The nearest airport is Bandaranaike International Airport, 8 km from the property.
The attached bathroom has a shower and free toiletries.
Free private parking is available on site.
All rooms are heated and soundproofed.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Breakfast is served in the garden of the pension.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Air conditioning and heating are provided in all accommodations.
It offers well-equipped rooms and a daily breakfast buffet.
Activities like horse riding and hiking can be enjoyed in the surrounding area.
A tour desk is available to make further travel arrangements.
Porto International Airport is 197 km from the Quinta da Geia Villas.
A flat-screen TV is provided. The private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
A washing machine and ironing facilities are provided.
The beautiful gardens feature an outdoor swimming pool and rare grass tennis court.
All apartments include a living area with TV and sofa bed.
A rich buffet breakfast at the Hotel Reingard is available for an additional charge.
Zadar Airport is 25 km away.
Other facilities at Apartment Muñoz include a fitness centre.
The property offers a shared lounge area and table tennis.
The private bathrooms have a shower and toiletries.
Located in Wadduwa, Magic Seashell Villa is 57 km from Bandaranaike International Airport.
The breakfast is served daily in the dining room.
A variety of dishes are served in the Marina Club restaurant.
There is also a pool table for guest's use.
The living room includes a flat-screen TV and sofa.
A shuttle service is available against a surcharge.
The southwest Alentejo and Vicentine Coast Natural Park is a 30-minute drive away.
Airport shuttle is available at a charge.
A microwave, refrigerator and cable TV are provided in each guest room.
Apartment on Bulvar Nadezd offers accommodation in Adler.
A flat-screen TV is available.
The rooms are spacious, and classically furnished.
It features a swimming pool and free Wi-Fi.
Faruma Village Guest House offers accommodation in Magoodhoo.
It offers a large outdoor pool and massage services upon request. Free parking is provided.
The property is 5.6 km from Lac du Vernay and 7.5 km from Allemond.
Laundry services are available.
The hotel also offers free private parking.
Wood Hollow Golf Course is less than 15 minutes’ drive away.
International cuisine and regional specialties are served at the Hotel Saarblick restaurant.
Arthaus Anna B&B is 7 minutes’ walk from Dolina Roz Park.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony with garden views.
We have something special for every member of the family here.
Rooms here all come equipped with a fan and electric kettle.
In addition, they feature a living area with a sofa, a washing machine and a bathroom with a bathtub or shower.
The hotel is 200 metres from San Cristobal Cathedral and 500 metres from Del Carmen Arch.
A variety of Indonesian, Asian and Western specialties are served at the restaurant.
Other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities. The property offers free parking.
The property offers access facilities to the physically challenged.
On-site private parking is for free.
Situated in Rimouski city centre, this historic hotel offers on-site dining.
This lodge is located on Hawaii’s North Shore, in the hustle and bustle of Paia Town.
With air conditioning and parquet floors, rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV.
The rooms come with a shared bathroom equipped with a bath or shower and bidet.
The property is 1.1 km from Conference Palace and 1.4 km from Marrakesh Train Station.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
All rooms at Hotell Spelabacken have wooden floors and a private bathroom with shower.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible in public areas.
Its modern facilities include a swimming pool, sauna and free Wi-Fi.
There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a fridge.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
The on-site restaurant is open on reservation and serves local specialities.
Elounda Bay Palace offers a variety of beauty treatments.
Monolithos Beach is 2.5 km away.
Set in Saint Petersburg, this apartment features free WiFi. Guests benefit from balcony.
Parking is free.
Ibiza Airport is approximately 6 km away.
In the morning a breakfast buffet is available.
The kitchen-dining area comes with a stovetop, an oven, a dishwasher and a coffee machine.
Shops can be found nearby.
It offers a free ski storage and apartments with free Wi-Fi access.
Free Wi-Fi access is also provided.
Facilities offered at the property include luggage storage, dry cleaning and an ironing service.
There is also a wooden caravan set in the horse meadow.
Bathroom facilities are shared and are equipped with a shower.
Spa and fitness services can be provided, at surcharge.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Wireless internet access is available free of charge.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Kettles and hairdryers are available upon request.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Casa Olímpia Thermas is located in Olímpia.
Free Wi-Fi access is available. A shared lounge with a fireplace is available for guests ́ use.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Kolizey Fitness Centre is a 10-minute walk away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Comfort’s air-conditioned rooms include cable TV and a minibar.
Guests can enjoy free access to tennis courts and table tennis facilities.
Light snacks and refreshing beverages are offered at the bar.
Non-smoking rooms are also available.
Kitchen facilities include a microwave, fridge and a toaster.
Gelendzhik Airport is 3 km from the property.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi throughout.
Hostel Teremok is set in Arkhangelsk, 500 metres from Trud Stadium.
The property is 600 metres from the world-famous Copacabana Beach.
Apartments at the Sagres Time Apartamentos have air conditioning and modern furnishings.
The villa offers 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 living rooms, a library and kitchen.
Breakfast is provided in the room every morning.
Guests can benefit from a gym and sauna.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the entire hotel.
A fitness centre can be accessed by guests of the Hampton Inn Thomson.
Estação das Docas is 3.2 km away.
Ben Gurion Airport is located 21 km from the property.
You will find a shared lounge and shops at the property.
Located in Paragominas, Mavil Plaza Hotel offers a swimming pool, fitness centre and meeting facilities only 100 metres from the city centre.
A variety of Chinese and Western dishes can be enjoyed at the hotel’s 2 restaurants.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
The apartments come with a balcony and a bathroom with a shower.
Every room is equipped with a private bathroom.
The nearest airport is Antalya Airport, 41 km from Kemer Pansiyon.
Tancredo Neves Bridge is 5 km away.
Apartments come with a balcony or a terrace, while some also have sea views.
The guest rooms are decorated with brown accents.
Each comes with a fridge and tea/coffee making facilities.
Ozerny bus stop is 200 metres from Ozerniy Hotel.
There are a number of shops and restaurants within walking distance from the hotel.
Free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
Breakfast is also available.
Panjim City is about 19 km away.
Gdańsk Airport is located 10.5 km away.
Guests have access to a communal sauna, shared hot tub and garden.
At Alcheringa you will find a garden and a terrace.
The in-house dining area serves local, Indian and Chinese delights.
Free Wi-Fi and free private parking are provided.
Every room at this resort is air conditioned and is equipped with a TV with cable channels.
Alhama de Almeria is set in the Valley of Andarax, close to the Alpujarra region.
Each also includes a private bathroom with a bath and a hairdryer.
You can enjoy pool view and garden view from the room.
A tour desk and a business centre are provided for guests’ convenience.
The nearest airport is Ambrosio L V Taravella Airport, 81 km from Cabañas Ojos de Cielo.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 25 km from the property.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Baza Otdykha Kapitan also includes a terrace.
All rooms are accessible by lift.
The hotel provides a gym and business center. Guests at Omaha Airport La Quinta Inn & Suites can use the on-site laundry facilities as well.
Tours and ticketing arrangements can also be made at Phoenix 74 Hotel.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Rooms include white bedding and large windows.
Cosy home in old Tbilisi offers accommodation in Tbilisi City.
Ataturk Airport is 15 km away.
In the evenings, varied drinks and snacks are served in the stylish bar.
O Cabazo's restaurant serves local cuisine.
The Wuhan International Conference and Exhibition Centre is 2 km away.
There is a communal kitchen with a microwave and toaster.
The self-catering apartments at Apartment & Boardinghouse Berlin Kreuzberg come with a well-equipped kitchen.
Kamianets-Podilskyi Train Station is 1.4 km from the property.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing.
The property is 23.6 km from New Marina and 26.7 km from Giftun Island.
Some rooms have sea views.
Staff provide 24-hour reception and can attend to childcare needs.
WiFi is free.
After a day of touring, relax with a drink at Myra Hotel’s bar and enjoy the fun.
Varna Airport is located 8 km away.
Select suites have a full kitchen and a living room with sofa bed.
Malin Beach is 500 metres from the property.
It has an in-house restaurant.
A continental breakfast is offered daily and can be taken in the dining room or in the garden.
Vilnius Airport can be reached 35 minutes by car and the airport shuttle can be requested at a surcharge.
All rooms at the Airport Zeltinger Hof include a seating area with TV and radio.
Staff are happy to make recommendations and bookings for local restaurants.
Local dining outlets can be found within a 5-minute walk from the guesthouse.
Some rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The self-serviced property is 200 metres from the nearest restaurant.
Each unit also includes an en-suite bathroom with shower, while some feature a kitchenette.
The kitchen is equipped with 4 hotplates, dishwasher and oven.
It offers en suite rooms with free Wi-Fi and a full English breakfast.
A private or shared bathroom is available.
At Hotel Amar Inn you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
Nearest grocery shop, restaurants and bars are steps away from the property.
Gardels' Restaurant offers a range of regional meals in the evening.
Ferienpark-Canow features homelike bungalows with classic-style interiors.
It offers an outdoor pool, a spa with an indoor pool.
A city beach is 150 metres away.
Set in Altea, this holiday home is 3.5 km from Platja de l'Olla Beach.
Guests at Hostería del Cerro can book massage sessions for an extra fee.
Each spacious room has Moroccan Berber décor.
Free wireless internet access is available throughout the hotel.
The Buda Castle, the Hungarian National Museum and the Budapest History Museum are located within 5 km.
Appi Rocky Inn also includes a sauna.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
All units have a flat-screen TV. An oven and kettle are also offered.
Services include currency exchange and ticketing services.
Riverview Bungalows is a 5-minute walk from Ou Kat Temple.
Free, private parking is available on site.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Extras include bed linen.
Seeb Airport is 12 km away.
Ferienhaus Lenartz offers apartments with a fully equipped kitchen and dining area, as well as a garden terrace.
At Riad Dar Vima guests will find a terrace. Other facilities offered include a tour desk.
A rain shower is included in an en suite bathroom.
The front desk is available for 24-hour service.
It offers self-catering accommodation with air conditioning.
A fully equipped kitchenette, a terrace and a balcony with a sea view are available.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
Certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
There is a small lagoon filled with native vegetation and colorful fish.
Breakfast is provided daily.
Some rooms have a private bathroom.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with a refrigerator and stovetop.
There is access to shared or private bathroom facilities.
Some units feature views of the garden or city.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The Pantheon, Jardin du Luxembourg and Botanical Garden are all within easy reach.
The Center Hotel has a traditional Spanish restaurant.
Extras include a desk, ironing facilities and a fan.
A Western breakfast is provided as well.
The property offers free parking.
Platon Hotel features a bar serving coffee and drinks in the outdoor lounge area.
The restaurant serves traditional cuisine with regional specialities. Barbecue dishes can also be enjoyed.
The property offers free parking.
Laundry facilities are also available.
The Deck Condo Patong also includes a fitness centre.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 14 km from the property.
The city bus line to the Old Town stops just a 3-minute walk away.
The accommodation features a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Guests can also use the property’s communal kitchen to prepare drinks and snacks.
It serves a daily continental breakfast and has rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Guests can swim in the Olympic-sized pool or enjoy snorkelling in the sea.
Antalya Airport is 96 km away.
All accommodations have a private bathroom.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
At B&B de Kaepstander you will find a terrace and a bar.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Offering a mountain and garden view, the rooms come with satellite TV and a DVD player.
Maratea is a 27-minute drive from New Blu Eden Hotel, while Scalea is 9 km away.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
Guest house Chetyre Syna features free WiFi and private parking.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
A sauna is provided at a surcharge.
The nearest airport is Nizhny Novgorod International Airport, 16 km from YES! hostel.
The bathroom is complete with a shower.
There is a direct bus going there from a local bus stop 200 metres away.
Free parking is available near the premises.
You will also find golf, horse riding and beautiful gardens nearby.
There are excellent conference and banqueting facilities.
The rooms offer a flat-screen TV.
Each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
They all have a terrace or balcony and a comfortable seating area.
Air-conditioned rooms include a satellite TV and a balcony.
The on-site car parking is on a first-come, first-served basis.
Private parking is provided on site.
There are facilities for pool/billiards, darts and table football.
There is also an electric kettle.
It houses a fitness centre, a tour desk and a restaurant.
They feature a private terrace with comfortable outdoor seating overlooking the greenery.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and bar.
Some units have views of the pool or garden.
Wi-Fi connection is provided in common areas.
The beach offers swimming and guests can enjoy a stroll along this white sand beach.
Flaminio Station and Piazza del Popolo square are both 7 stops away.
Thong Sala Pier is a 20-minute drive away.
A photo and cabinet hang on the wall.
Free private parking is available on site.
Shopping at the Cherry Hill Mall is 9 minutes’ drive away.
Each air-conditioned or fan-cooled room at this accommodation features a TV, a telephone and a wardrobe.
A dining table, seating area and laundry facilities are also included.
The property offers a spacious balcony with open city views.
Every room is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
Hato International Airport is 19 km away.
The accommodation boasts a private entrance and a garden view.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Accepting only Mainland Chinese citizens, Elan Hotel Huludao Xinhua Avenue offers simple accommodation.
Pianeta Oro Avamposto Meteo also includes a sun terrace.
Furthermore cottage delivery can be arranged upon request.
Extras include slippers and a hairdryer.
The nearest bus stop is 300 metres from the apartments.
Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
The hotel is 2.5 km from the Emilio Ibarra Almada Baseball Stadium.
You will enjoy relaxing in the sauna and working out at the gym.
Breakfast can be served in your room, in the small breakfast room, or in the garden.
The property offers free parking.
The Campanile also offers a 24-hour reception.
The beach is 250 metres away.
A TV is available. There is a private bathroom with a bidet and shower.
Relaxation options include a garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities.
Malaga Airport is 34 km away.
Each room here will provide you with a satellite flat-screen TV and air conditioning.
The bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
Free WiFi access is available.
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are served daily in a casual atmosphere.
Car rentals and shuttle services are arranged upon request.
Traditional American cuisine is offered at the 9600 Grill, which servers breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Vokzal’na Metro Station is a 5-minute drive from City Centre Apartments.
The closest restaurant and café are 20 metres from Residenza Verde.
For guests with cars, public parking facilities are available just 150 metres from Hôtel de Flore.
Parc Monceau is 450 metres away.
Providing a tranquil environment, the rooms in Reina Madre Hostel feature either private or shared bathroom facilities.
The bathrooms come with a bath or shower.
An American breakfast is served daily. Drinks and snacks can be ordered at the bar.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Some accommodation types also come with a kitchenette.
Guests can relax on the 8000-square-foot terrace.
Rooms are equipped with a TV and a wardrobe.
Shinonoi Hotel Route-Inn has a launderette, and it also offers dry cleaning services.
Towels are provided.
The bus station is close by, at 200 metres from the apartments, and buses run from there to the airport.
Each chalet offers free Wi-Fi access and private on-site parking.
The nearest airport is Milan Linate Airport, 6 km from the property.
The unit offers views of the sea.
There is a stop of the free ski bus right in front of the Alpenhotel Tauernstüberl.
Free WiFi access is available.
The rooms include a Freeview TV and tea and coffee making facilities.
Concierge services are provided at reception.
Free WiFi access is available in common areas.
Select rooms contain microwaves and refrigerators.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Shuttle services are available for a surcharge.
This and many more local wines can be sampled in Il Barlanzone's wine bar.
Coleman Park, on the shores of Lake Coleman, is 2.5 miles away.
This property features a garden, a traditional restaurant and rustic-style rooms.
The property is 500 metres from River Negro.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
A balcony or patio with a view is featured.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
The kitchen features an oven.
The New Delhi Railway Station is 3 km.
The guest house is located 4 km from Ao Nang Krabi Boxing Statidum and Nopparat Thara Beach.
Guests can also relax with a hot drink in the hotel's lounge.
Other property facilities include laundry services.
The bathroom is equipped with a shower and free toiletries.
Elementos is 1 block from Pucon bus station.
Parking at the property is free.
Fuerteventura Airport is 38 km away and Puerto del Rosario is a 30-minute drive away.
With free Wi-Fi , it also has an outdoor hot tub.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding and hiking.
WiFi is free throughout.
The on-site sauna and private parking are available for free.
The rooms are traditionally decorated with wood-panelled walls and parquet floors.
Each one has a living room and the kitchenette comes with an electric hob and microwave.
Grenoble - Isère Airport is located 73 km away.
Room service is available 24/7.
Central Airport is 15 km away.
Guests can enjoy city view from all the rooms.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and bowling.
A microwave and refrigerator come standard in each room at A Richland Inn Hotel.
They can also make use of the communal kitchen to prepare their own meal.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room.
An indoor swimming pool and a sauna complex are also featured at Lime Hotel.
It features an indoor pool, on-site gym, and free Wi-Fi.
There is a private bathroom with a hot tub and bath.
At Bread and Roses Inn you will find a well-tended garden, a gazebo and a terrace.
Free WiFi access is available.
You will find a kettle in the room. Each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
Extras include ironing facilities, bed linen and towels.
Cipro Metro Station is just a 5-minute walk away.
This apartment features a TV, balcony and ironing facilities.
All the rooms have balconies.
The bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
Naberezhnye Chelny Train Station is 20 minutes’ drive from Costa Hotel.
All air-conditioned rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV.
The private bathroom comes with bathrobes, scales and a hairdryer.
The apartment offers a bedroom and a living room. The kitchen comes with an oven.
Private bathroom has a shower and the toilet is equipped with an electronic bidet.
The accommodation comes with a seating area.
All rooms are air-conditioned and feature a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The Hotel Julia is situated in Rivabellosa, a small town on the A-1 motorway in the Basque Country.
Breda Hostel also offers a communal kitchen as well as kitchen appliances.
Guests will also be 3 miles from Southern Polytechnic State University.
A free shuttle service to Malpensa Airport, 11 km away, is provided.
Rooms at Hotel Caparena are air conditioned and have satellite TV.
Each unit is offers a private bathroom with free toiletries.
The reception team can help guests plan sightseeing trips.
Bed linen is featured.
Guests can start the day with a full buffet breakfast including Colombian coffee and tropical fruits.
This apartment faces the surrounding greenery and includes a washing machine and flat-screen TV.
Nearby activities include swimming and snorkelling.
Central London and Westminster can be reached in a 25-minute bus ride.
Lüneburg is a 15-minute car ride from the hotel, and driver will find free parking on site.
An oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchenette.
Other facilities at Villa Marin include a year-round outdoor pool.
A well-equipped gym is offered by Courtyard Richmond West for guests that like to keep fit.
A buffet breakfast is also served every day.
A number of activities are offered in the area, such as skiing and horse riding.
Dubrovnik Airport is at a distance of 21 km and a pick-up can be organised upon request.
All accommodation units also come with a kettle and contain a private bathroom with a shower.
A microwave, coffee-machine, and small fridge are also available.
Free WiFi is available.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
The early 19th-century Karlsborg Fortress is a short walk away.
It offers free WiFi access.
There is a seating area and a kitchen.
Shops and restaurants can be found 700 metres from the property.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in every room at Radisson Hotel Madison.
The centre of Moscow is 4 metro stops from Optima Apartments on Maryina Roshcha.
If you are in the need of an excitement rush, you can of course head to the hotel casino, which is popular in the area.
The rustic rooms come with wood-beamed ceilings and tiled floors.
The bathroom is fitted with a bath.
Private parking is free.
Rabat-Salé Airport is located 15 km away.
Each apartment also has a bathroom with a shower.
Hot drinks, cocktails and snacks are available during the day in the indoor bar.
Free WiFi is offered .
This small property features 13 guest rooms.
Extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.
This former brewery is located in Buttenheim, on the edge of the Franconian Switzerland region.
The property is just 500 metres from the beach and 3 km from New Old Town.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests will find a comfortable lobby with TV lounge area, bar and library.
In the morning, a French-style continental breakfast is served.
Every room has a shared bathroom with a hot tub and bath, with bathrobes provided.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
It offers en-suite rooms and suites with a TV and free Wi-Fi access.
Its facilities include swimming pools, tennis courts and a spa.
Some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The hotel offers free bicycles. Free WiFi is available in all areas.
Guests can enjoy continental breakfast, as well as recharge their batteries with a 4-course dinner later on.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
It is 50 km from the Erzgebirge Mountains and 55 km from Bayreuth.
All air-conditioned rooms and apartments feature satellite TV.
Situated in Westlands, DusitD2 Nairobi combines modern and contemporary design.
The restaurant at Cliff Ao Nang Resort offers both local and international dishes.
Guests can relax in the hotel’s sauna or steam bath.
You can have fun with activities like canoeing and horse riding at leisure.
The nearest airport is Murcia-San Javier Airport, 30 km from the property.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, a balcony and cable channels.
It offers 2 outdoor pools, a hot tub and restaurant.
All rooms of Iguatemi Business Flat are equipped with air conditioning and wireless internet access.
The hotel also has a children’s mini club.
The supposedly haunted Leap Castle is just 20 minutes’ drive away.
An airport shuttle can be requested at a surcharge.
Luggage storage and photocopying services are available on site.
A free guest computer with internet access is available in the lobby.
Packed lunches are prepared on request.
Each room at this guest house is air-conditioned and features a flat-screen TV.
Some rooms feature views of the garden or city.
At Hotel Canada Palace you will find meeting facilities and laundry facilities.
Tennis facilities are within 200 metres.
The nearest beach is Lavadores, 4 km away.
The hotel is also conveniently located for accessing the main railway station and the airport.
Boomerang Hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen TV and a DVD player.
Visit the tour desk to organise an island tour or scuba diving trip.
Babysitting services are available, at an extra cost. Also at an extra fee, guided tours of the city are provided for guests of the River House.
One of the accommodations also has a washing machine, dining table and stove top.
Each unit provides a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
Other facilities at Calella Mar include a terrace.
Free WiFi access is available.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
The rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
A continental breakfast is included.
Some accommodations at the Ocean Two Resort and Residents also include balconies.
The Museumsquartier Metro Stop is 200 metres away.
Guests can enjoy a mountain view from the holiday home.
Each apartment includes a TV and a bathroom with a bathtub or a shower.
The John Grief Local Airport is a 7-minute drive from the resort.
Ataturk Airport is 20 km away.
Packed breakfasts are available and lunch packages can also be arranged upon request.
Guests can enjoy Austrian and Mediterranean cuisine at Oskars bar.lounge.restaurant.
Guests can order room service and request for laundry services.
Every morning, a continental breakfast is available at an extra charge.
The nearest airport is Tivat Airport, 16 km from Apartment Anna.
At Apartamenty Maria you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Various restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km of the property, while the beach is 2 km away.
You can also start mountain hikes from the hotel.
Guests can watch DVDs in the shared living room.
Every room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels, as well as an iPod docking station are available.
Guests of the hostel use the shared bathrooms.
Some suites also feature a shared pool and hot tub.
We also speak English, French, Polish and Russian.
Extras include a barbecue and garden furniture.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 17 km away.
Certain units have a seating area for your convenience.
Indian Street, the in-house restaurant serves a selection of Indian, Chinese, Continental and Thai dishes.
The bathroom in the apartment is fitted with a shower.
They come with bunk beds and shared bathrooms.
Lappeenranta Airport is located 52 km away.
The well-equipped kitchen has a dishwasher.
Offering accommodation with air conditioning, Balcony of Saranda is set in Sarandë, 29 km from Corfu Town.
Guest House Vetan offers pet-friendly accommodation in Alushta.
The Castell is easily accessible from the AP7 Motorway.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
It has a gourmet restaurant and a walled garden.
Free parking is available on site.
Hotel Amour & Symphony is located in central Suwon Yeongtong City.
All of them have fully-equipped kitchens and dining areas.
The apartments feature a seating area, a dining table and mountain views.
Hotel Parlamento is situated a 10-minute drive from Plaza de Mayo and Obelisco.
Discounted parking passes for a nearby car park can be purchased at the reception.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV, wrought-iron beds and a bathroom with shower.
The Indianapolis City Centre is 50 minutes’ drive away.
An Italian restaurant is located on site.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
Complete with a microwave, the kitchen also has a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
The apartment includes a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
Maniówka is located in a picturesque area, 400 metres from the Wigry National Park.
They offer air conditioning, LCD cable TV and telephone.
Some units have views of the sea or city.
For dinner, you can enjoy fresh fish or grilled dishes accompanied with sea views.
Katerini Town is 8 km away and the popular winter destination of Elatochori Village is 37 km away.
Guests can enjoy drinks outside on the terrace.
Some of the units offer a sea view.
Some have a balcony with sea views.
Other facilities at Villa Romana include a hot tub and barbecue.
The nearest restaurant is also set in the Spiežovec.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bidet.
The hotel also offers bike hire.
Casa Rural Valdeascas is located in Navarredonda de Gredos.
The air-conditioned unit is 37 km from Split and provides views of the Cetina river canyon.
It features a sky lobby on the 30th floor and 2 restaurants.
Feurs is a 15-minute drive from the property.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
This split-level villa is spacious and offers free WiFi.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven and a fridge.
Guests can relax in their spacious living room with flat-screen TV.
Wired internet is free.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
Other facilities at 2 Perfect include an on site hair salon and coin operated laundry.
The kitchen features a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Kartaltepe Boutique Hotel is located on a hillside overlooking Saraycik Village.
The River Seine is 200 metres from the hotel, and The Louvre Museum is 1 km away.
A washing machine is provided.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
This holiday home is 76 km from Billund Airport.
There is also a cocktail lounge where guests can enjoy refreshing exotic drinks.
You will find a selection of shops in a 10-minute drive.
The inn is a 15-minute walk from Onsen-ji Temple, and a 25-minute walk from the morning market.
Guests can access the roof terrace with panoramic views of the eastern suburbs and Sydney Harbour.
3 dining options are available at the hotel.
Main Railway Station is only 1.5 km away.
Tea and coffee-making facilities are provided.
This holiday home is 104 km from Schiphol Airport.
Athinios Port and the island’s airport are around 5 km away.
A continental breakfast with pastries and freshly squeezed juices is served in the living room.
A private bathroom provides a shower with available towels.
Krosno’s city centre is 2.4 km away.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling, fishing and hiking.
All rooms have a bathroom with a shower, toiletries and a hairdryer.
Newspapers are at guests’ disposal in the lobby area.
Free WiFi and free private parking are available on site.
They also include a bathroom with a toilet and a shower.
Located along the southern coast of Lazio, the property is 2 km from Lake Fondi.
There are numerous bars and restaurants in the area.
It operates a 24-hour front desk and provides complimentary Wi-Fi access.
All apartments have LCD TVs and modern furnishings.
There is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The nearest restaurant is 1.5 km away and the Danube promenade can be reached within 2 km.
Hiking and cycling routes pass by the property.
Within 2.5 km shops and restaurants can be found.
Some rooms have a private bathroom with shower.
Some rooms also offer a spa bath.
Cycling and hiking trails can be found in the surrounding forest.
Fügen’s village centre can be reached on foot in 5 minutes.
A dining area and desk feature in all guest rooms at Skovlyst Bed and Breakfast.
There is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet.
The private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel.
They are styled in cream-coloured hues and some of them feature private balconies with seating areas.
Transfers can be arranged upon request and against a surcharge.
The air-conditioned rooms offer wooden furniture and hardwood floors.
There is a pool bar and a lounge with sofas.
The bright apartments are decorated in warm colours and offer modern interiors.
Simferopol Train Station is 87 km away, while Simferopol Airport is 102 km away.
There are special meals for sportsmen and women.
There are also suites available which offer additional seating and extra space.
Nevsky Prospekt with its variety of restaurants and shops is a 6-minute walk from the hostel.
They come with a bath or shower.
Local bus with frequent lines around the town stops just 100 metres away.
Breakfast can be arranged.
The business center features a computer with free Wi-Fi and is open 24/7.
The property is 2.7 km from Zagreb Fair and 6.2 km from Zagreb Arena .
On-site parking is not available.
All include a living room with kitchenette and a garden-view terrace.
It also provides local information.
The Catedral de Cuernavaca is 46 minutes’ drive away.
The chalets include a kitchen, a dining area and a bathroom.
You can sunbathe on the hotel's spacious terrace and relax in the bar and TV lounge.
Comfortable suites come with a fireplace
The area is popular for cycling and hiking.
The yearly Callatis Festival takes place here.
Rooms are comfortable and equipped with TV, telephone and private bathroom.
This property is 5 minutes’ drive from El Chamizal Park and 1 km from the Benito Juárez Monument.
There is a private bathroom with a bath in every unit.
It is 3 km from Floating Market.
Bike rental and car hire can be organised at the property.
Parking is free here, and Sochi Train Station is just 2 km away.
Guests can swim in the indoor pool, or relax in the jacuzzi.
A variety of restaurants and bars are located 1 km away in Jonquière city centre.
Hacienda Sant Jordi is situated in a quiet urban area, 7.5 km from the town of Sant Jordi.
It takes 30 minutes by car to Phuket Town.
The apartment is less than 30 minutes’ drive from Cocowalk Shopping Center and Marlins Park.
Guests can benefit from free WiFi, bicycle rental and a hot tub.
Towels and bed linen as well as slippers are available in this apartment.
Located on the 2nd floor, the apartment is accessible by stairs.
Mediterranean dishes can also be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant for lunch or dinner.
Its en suite bathrooms offer toiletries and a hairdryer.
Rooms come with tea and coffee-making facilities and marble floors.
Apartment Na Matrosova offers accommodation in Smolensk, 3 km from the city centre.
Chiang Mai Airport is 84 km away.
Hotel Venetsiya features free WiFi throughout the property.
The surrounding area is a nature reserve where you can find various animals, such as deer and pheasants.
Free public parking is available on site.
Dubrovnik Airport is 16 km away.
Located in Molat, Apartment Nella offers 2 self-catering accommodation.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave.
It offers free Wi-Fi, free parking and modern accommodation units.
Posada del Infante Posada Real's heated rooms feature elegant, traditional decor.
Polo Park Shopping Centre is 2 km from this hotel.
The historic park pavilion is the setting for the breakfast buffet.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Flat Paris Opera/Volney.
This large and modern family-friendly complex is located in Sunny Beach.
Each bedroom features an en suite bathroom with a spa bath and shower facilities.
This holiday home boasts a terrace and BBQ facilities.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave and refrigerator with freezer.
Home-cooked meals can be enjoyed on the furnished terrace.
In the evenings, guests are invited to relax in the hotel’s cosy bar.
The Austrian border is 2.5 km away.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and coffee machine.
Taverns and shops can be found at 500 metres.
You can find restaurants 6 km from the Susi Haus.
Providing views of the city, all rooms come with shared bathroom facilities.
Lindos is 12 km from Rodos Beach, while the famous Tsampika Beach is 2 km away.
Cosy and comfortable guest rooms make visitors feel perfectly at home.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout hotel.
Some units have a seating area for your convenience. You will find a kettle in the room.
The bar-café serves drinks and snacks.
The bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
It offers modern villas with a kitchen and private pool.
Bread roll delivery is available on request.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Quinta da Regaleira is 1.3 km away, and Pena Palace is 3 km away.
Minta Apartments is located 20 km away from Dalaman Airport.
A hairdryer and an iron can be provided upon request.
Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
A single-space parking garage is available.
A buffet-style breakfast is prepared every morning in the dining area.
The property is 1.7 km from the Cité Universitaire and 2 km from the Montparnasse Cemetery. Port-Royal and the Luxembourg Gardens are also 2 km away.
Free private parking is possible on spot.
Casa Mila is around 5 km from the historic centre of Palermo.
The hotel’s front desk is staffed 24 hours a day.
The garden includes deck chairs and a children’s playground.
It is tranquilly located in green countryside, 20 km north-east of Frankfurt.
Daily breakfast is served as an open buffet in the lobby area.
The popular Zona Dorada is only 5 minutes’ drive away.
Meals are available on request at the Lepiney’s restaurant.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are featured.
Building is secured and covered by CCTV.
The hotel bar offers cocktails and fresh beers.
Newspapers, meeting rooms and a business centre are available in the hotel.
It features an outdoor swimming pool.
Guests can enjoy the restaurant, terrace and free Wi-Fi throughout.
The Haute Nendaz Cable Car is a 6-minute walk away.
Porto Mós Residence is just 2 km away from Lagos.
Common areas also include a bar well stocked with local and national wines, liquors and soft drinks.
The property is 20 km from London and free private parking is available.
Featuring free WiFi, Citrus Tent City offers accommodation in Anaklia.
During the winter months, drinks and coffees are served at the relaxing setting of the on-site bar by the fireplace.
Ifco Chowk Metro Station is only 3 km away, while Sarojini Nagar Market is 6 km from the hotel.
This modern hotel offers rooms with free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen TV.
Piraeus is 34 km from Efi Relax House.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking.
There is also a bar and a restaurant serving local cuisine.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
Guests can prepare their meals in the fully-equipped kitchen.
Capri Bus Station is 50 metres from the property.
They also come with a modern bathroom.
Assi Ghat is 1 km from Hotel Sarweshwary, while Harishchandra Ghat is 2.9 km away.
The hotel is 2 km from the industrial zone of the city.
Tours Loire Valley Airport is 49 km away.
Wholesale Market (Pratunam) is 2.7 km from BB Garden Resort.
Free WiFi is provided.
Cicada Market is 1.1 km from Holiday Apartment Marrakesh Hua Hin.
Daily housekeeping is available.
Al Massira Airport is located 37 km from the property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower.
Set 200 metres from the seafront, Casa Elisabetta is located 8 km from Scicli's centre.
The bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
The guest rooms offer free WiFi.
Enjoy a cup of coffee while looking out at the garden or city.
L'Orée de l'Islette is situated 30 km from Nice Côte d'Azur Airport.
Guests can find a gazebo with outdoor furniture next to each room.
Just 100 metres away there is a stop of the bus going to Dubrovnik.
The Meerwasser-Erlebnisbad (leisure baths) is 100 metres away.
Leitariegos Ski Resort can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
All rooms are simply decorated and come with a TV and a fridge.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 19 km from Tuchkov Apartments.
Parking at the property is free.
You can also rent a bicycle from reception.
Towels are available.
Parking is available for free. Guests may enjoy the on-site restaurant.
A minibar and a TV with Canal+ channels feature in the guest rooms, which have a simple décor.
Some units have a seating area and/or patio.
Rivervine Restaurant serves Indian, Chinese and Continental delights.
Various taverns and cafés lie within close walking distance of Green Bay House.
Free parking is available on site.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Massages are offered there as well.
Units have wooden furnishings and wood-panelled walls.
Free parking is available in front of the hotel.
The property is 57 km from U-Tapao International Airport.
The hotel is 3.0 km from Sanford USD Medical Center.
Some rooms also have a private balcony and private bathroom.
Free public parking is available at a location nearby.
Guests can enjoy breakfast buffets and the latest newspapers each morning.
There is a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
Wi-Fi is free in public areas.
Guests can also enjoy activities in the surrounding area like windsurfing and fishing.
Pula Airport is located 9 km away.
Many restaurants, bars and cafes can be visited in Sölden city centre, 50-100 meters away.
The en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
Apartment Venezuela 701 offers accommodation in Playa de las Americas.
Guests can find a variety of restaurants and convenience stores within 10 minutes’ walk.
Extras include an outdoor seating area.
Chattanooga city centre is less than 15 minutes’ drive away.
Hotel Starkenburger Hof features an Indian restaurant.
Guests can relax in the property's spa center.
Chalet Esquilo offers ski storage and barbecue facilities.
Guests of the Apartman Alpha can find a café on the ground floor of the building.
Snacks can be bought from the fridge in the kitchen.
Breakfast is available upon request at an additional cost.
Free Wi-Fi access is available at this property.
The lodge features free WiFi.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Other amenities offered at the hotel include vending machines, laundry facilities and daily maid service.
Holiday home Blåbærvangen V is located in Oksbøl and it can accommodate up to eight guests.
The kitchenette has a microwave, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The room comes with a flat-screen TV.
Kata Gardens Luxury Apartment also includes a fitness centre. Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
For lunch and dinner, the hotel restaurant offers classic bistro meals and Spanish tapas.
It features a 24-hour gym and free Wi-Fi.
Pick-up from Wengen Train Station is provided on request.
Varied breakfast buffets are on offer every day.
Pulkovo Airport is 20 km away.
The accommodation will provide you with a cable TV and a balcony.
It is a 6-minute walk from Rybołówstwa Museum.
Grand Bazaar and Laleli is just a 10 minutes' walk from Eroz Rental House.
WiFi is free in public areas.
Wi-Fi is free throughout, and the property provides free private parking on site.
Tour arrangements and ticketing services are available at the tour desk.
A washing machine and tumble dryer and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer are also included.
For in-room dining, the hotel also offers room service.
Guests will have plenty of space for barbecues and for practising archery.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, laundry and ironing services.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing and hiking.
This holiday home is 66 km from Billund Airport.
Zadar Airport can be reached within 12 km.
International food and beverages are also offered.
Some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The bathrooms have a hairdryer, shower cabin and make-up mirror.
All units include a flat-screen TV and free WiFi.
The sun terrace overlooks the Gulf of Naples.
The 4-bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
Laundry and room service are available.
There is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
The seating area includes a sofa bed, a TV and a dining table.
Lovely flower gardens and olive trees surround this unique little resort.
It offers modern accommodation and a continental breakfast.
The area is ideal for outdoor activities, such as trekking or rafting in Voidomatis River.
Extras include bed linen and cleaning products.
The Yellow Teapot Guest House is located in Rome's Borgo quarter.
Each of the guest villas have air conditioning, a full kitchen and a terrace with a dining room.
Seychelles International Airport is 6 km away.
Apartments Marko features free WiFi throughout the property.
from 7am-11pm.
Certain rooms come with free instant coffee/tea.
Each spacious apartment has a full kitchen and a large private balcony.
Bielefeld city centre is a 10-minute train ride from the Parkhotel.
It is just 3 km from Sarimsakli Beach.
Horní Planá Train Station is 100 metres away from Arnika Apartmány.
Other facilities like grocery deliveries, dry cleaning and an ironing service are offered.
Each room has a basin and there are 2 shared bathrooms with a shower for communal use.
Some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
Further facilities include a games room with table tennis, a fitness room and a garden.
Several bars and restaurants are within a 10-minute walk of the property.
The property offers free parking.
A shuttle service to Bologna city and Train Station is available on request.
All units feature a cable flat-screen TV.
For those arriving by car, private parking is free on site.
Distance from the closest shopping opportunity is 3,8 km, restaurant - 7,6 km.
Both living rooms come with a TV, and there are also 2 separate dining rooms.
Thealos Village is just 200 metres from the seaside promenade.
You can enjoy pool view and garden view from all the accommodations.
Vanguaria Airport can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
St. Peter's Basilica and the Vatican Museums are just 6 metro stops away.
A toaster, a refrigerator and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
The hotel has a sun terrace and views of the city, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
A free pick-up service is available from Neumarkt in Steiermark’s Train Station.
The ground floor includes a coffee shop that serves beverages and sandwiches.
You can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms.
You can also sample wines from the on-site wine cellar.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Two large pools, 2 children’s pools and 2 tennis courts are featured.
Every room is equipped with a TV.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
La Terrazza del Chiostro, the Relais’s restaurant, serves Tuscan and Italian dishes out on the terrace.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can enjoy sea food specialities at the on-site restaurant.
Guests can take advantage of a fitness centre and a business centre at Main & SKY.
Guests have access to shared bathrooms and showers in the hallway.
The bar offers alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
A microwave and small refrigerator are also included in all rooms for added convenience.
Private parking is available on site free of charge.
There is a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
They are equipped with a flat-screen TV, refrigerator and hairdryer.
Both bathtub and shower facilities are provided in the bathrooms.
Free parking is possible on site.
St Austell is within 20 minutes’ drive of Fowey and 10 minutes from Mevagissey.
The rooms feature a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and a private bathroom.
It is possible to book a shuttle service to the Brasov Train Station, which is 24 km away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Hotel Parque Zabal is located 100 metres from Fusagasuga town centre.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can enjoy activities like volleyball and croquet on-site.
It also features a bathroom with a shower and hardwood floors.
Guests can relax in the tropical garden or by the outdoor swimming pool.
It is 4.6 km from Wangfujing Street and 5 km from Yonghe Temple.
The property is a 10-minute walk from Roma Ostiense Train Station.
Bathrooms include a bath tub and a hairdryer.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Pärnu Golf Club, 3 km away. There is a beach just 1.3 km away from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
The property also offers a garden and free of charge summer cinema.
Each room includes a private bathroom.
The kitchen comes with a microwave and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV.
The accommodation is provided with a satellite-TV, free WiFi, a Hi-Fi system, a terrace and a fireplace.
The property is only 850 m from the water and dining options may be found within 2 km.
Air conditioned rooms are provided with a flat-screen TV, seating area and minibar.
Each rooms comes with air conditioning and heating facilities.
It is decorated with ornate paintings and there is live music in the evenings.
Ansgarkapellet Chapel is located on site, and is open 24 hours during summer.
The nearest airport is Lublin Airport, 8 km from Mjhostel.
South Beijing Railway Station can be reached in 24 minutes by car.
You can enjoy sea view and garden view from the room.
Minsk National Airport is within a 3-hours drive of the apartment.
The property is 1 km from Karon Night Market and 1.1 km from Starbucks Kata Beach.
Villa Ruana is a 30-minute drive from Faro International Airport.
Bath towels and bed linens are available for rent.
Located conveniently in Taiyuan Street Business Circle, Huyue Hotel Shenyang Xita offers accommodation.
The property offers free parking.
Buiksloterweg offers a free ferry service to Amsterdam Central Station.
Galeao International Airport is located 23 km away.
Fresh natural air can be enjoyed from seating areas in the garden.
The property is 500 metres from Bodrum Castle and 600 metres from Halikarnas Club.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
There is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
The Lima riverside area is 4 km away.
Some units have a balcony, while other comprise a separate living space.
Complete with a microwave, the dining area also has a refrigerator.
The Guest House offers spectacular sea views from its restaurant, the Butcher’s Grill.
A DVD player, ironing facilities and kitchenware are provided upon request.
Each unit features a TV, seating area and garden view.
At Lucky's B&B you will find a terrace.
Shuttle and airport shuttle services are available for an additional fee.
It offers self-catering accommodation with a TV and a balcony.
All apartments are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV and an electric kettle.
For recreation, there is an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by a lush garden with palm trees.
One of the rooms overlooks the sea.
The Váci Street can be reached within 750 metres.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
The Auenfeldjet Chair Lift provides a connection by ski between the 2 ski areas.
Hallstavik is 14 km away.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Free WiFi is available in the public areas.
The bar is open every day and provides you with free newspapers.
Marrakech-Menara Airport is 8 km away.
The Vatican City is a 20-minute walk away.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
The Sardine Festival is organized here every summer.
Greg's Residence Phuket is a 5-minute drive from Rawai Beach and Naiharn Beach.
Cocktails can be enjoyed at LeGrande Lounge.
A sweet Italian breakfast can be prepared on request.
A restaurant is 50 metres away, while a grocery shop and a cafe bar can be found 250 metres from the property.
It features free bicycles and free WiFi throughout.
It provides free private parking.
Buffet breakfast is served daily at its restaurant.
Simply furnished, the traditional rooms are fitted with Korean interiors and a floor-heating system.
There are barbecue facilities onsite.
Each guest room at the Barreme has a modern decoration and is air conditioned.
Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport is 31 km away.
Cafés, bars and restaurants can be found in the streets surrounding the hotel.
A daily continental breakfast is provided.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 8 km from Peterhof City Airport apartment.
The bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport is 85 km away.
The Valier Restaurant offers genuine regional dishes.
Forio town centre is 1.5 km from the property.
Paradise Guest House is located in the centre of Yoshkar-Ola, within a 5-minute walk of the central square.
Housekeeping is also offered at Coin de Paradis.
At Hakone Bamboo Choju-Yu, guests can rest at the shared terrace and lounge areas.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge and a games room.
Each room is soundproofed and also has a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The nearest airport is Surgut Airport, 10 km from the property.
Wine and liquor can be enjoyed at Ran Thanmbill Bar.
The nearest airport is Falcone-Borsellino Airport, 68 km from the property.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Wi-Fi internet access is available in the complex.
The largest house includes billiards.
A selection of activities are offered in the area, such as diving and fishing.
The hotel has a children's playground, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
The Jammu Tawi Railway Station is 10 km.
Each one has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and shower.
Each room has a flat-screen TV. All rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
This family-oriented holiday park is located on the edge of Zeewolde in the natural surroundings of Horsterwold.
The nearest supermarket is 20 metres away.
The local tennis court and mini golf course are just a 2-minute walk away.
Bicycle storage is available.
The air-conditioned rooms feature a cable TV and minibar.
The property offers free parking.
Orlando International Airport is 20 miles away.
The nearest airport is Palma de Mallorca Airport, 49 km from the property.
Other facilities at Apartment Gabashvili include a fitness centre and indoor pool.
Anti-allergic accommodation is available.
Kallithea Village is at a distance of 15 km, while the villages of Polychrono and Pefkochori are 5 km away.
There is a lounge and terrace at guests’ disposal.
Some rooms boast views of the surrounding mountains.
Gourmet, regional and international dishes can be ordered at the property’s restaurant.
Guests can enjoy varied, regional food in the traditional-style restaurant for dinner.
Free WiFi access is available in the public areas of this homestay.
They each consist of separate bedrooms, a living room with a TV, and a bathroom fitted with a shower.
Meals are available upon request at the dining area.
At The Sojourn you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
Stay in a authentic Savoie village in the heart of the ski area La Plagne-Les Arcs.
Eilat Airport is less than 5 minutes away by taxi.
The Transfagarasan Highway can be reached in a 20-minute drive.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
A breakfast buffet is available each morning at the Oranien Wiesbaden.
The property offers free parking.
Le Stanze Di Santa Croce may also arrange cooking lessons and wine tasting.
Bathrooms include a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
There is a restaurant, which you can taste a variety of food including traditional dishes.
The cabin’s private beach is an ideal place for guests to snorkel.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 16 km from the property.
Korana River is at a distance of 2 km.
The hostel is located a 2-minute walk from the 104, 167 and X7 bus stop.
Marylebone Station and Paddington Station are within 800 metres from the accommodation.
Offering a garden, Hof Garber offers accommodation in San Giorgio. Mayrhofen is 39 km from the property.
The Teatro dell'Opera opera house is 800 metres from the apartment.
A flat-screen cable TV and minibar are provided in each room.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
The hostel is opposite the Bielsko-Biala Railway Station.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, fishing and hiking.
Select units come with a kitchenette and dining area.
Le Front de Mer is a 20-minute drive from both Honfleur and Etretat.
Flamengo Beach and its park are located 500 metres away.
The bio centre in Martinsried is only 2 km away.
Room service is also available.
The Arcadia beach is 7 km from the hotel.
Qingdao Liuting International Airport can be reached in 50 minutes by car.
The resort has an outdoor pool, children's playground and sun terrace.
Further facilities on site include ski, bike and luggage storage.
The property can accommodate up to eight persons.
Featuring free WiFi, Internacional Hotel offers accommodation in Juiz de Fora's city centre.
Tram stop is just steps away.
During summer, the Hermitage provides a full programme of entertainment and beach games.
Tennis courts can be found within a 200-metre reach.
Rooms are decorated simply and feature a TV and a desk.
There is a children's playground and billiards.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Vuokatti, 3.2 km away. This holiday home is 32 km from Kajaani Airport.
Some units have a dining area and/or balcony.
The bedrooms are bright and feature a fan, 29-inch TV and wardrobe.
The property has a 24-hour front desk.
You will also have access to a shared kitchen.
Regional food can be enjoyed at the restaurant.
The bathroom includes a shower, free toiletries and hairdryer.
Free tea, coffee and soft drinks are offered.
Madrid’s lively Puerta del Sol district is a 5-minute Metro journey away.
There is also a children’s swimming pool, as well as sun terraces and attractive gardens.
The Talblick’s spa includes saunas, a solarium and a gym.
The tour desk can provide tips on exploring Quito.
There are adjoining hiking and cycling trails that will take you into Margaret River.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the apartment.
Free private parking is possible at a location nearby.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
Ski storage and a safety deposit box are also available.
Located in Chernomorets, 600 metres from the beach, Guest House Karabelev offers a garden with a terrace.
The kitchen comes with an oven, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
Guests benefit from a 24-hour reception.
Bed linens are provided.
The on-site spa has an indoor swimming pool, steam baths and a sauna.
Extras include a computer and a seating area.
Guests benefit from terrace. Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
You can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather.
Strasbourg Train Station is a 9-minute walk from the property.
All rooms have a private bathroom with a shower.
With free WiFi acccess, houses come with a seating area with a sofa.
Massage services are available.
Parking is available on site free of charge.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the property.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free Wi-Fi access is provided.
Recreation facilities at the resort include a fitness centre for working out and Karaoke.
The property is 24 km from Igoumenitsa Town.
All units feature a balcony or a terrace overlooking the sea.
The M7 motorway is easily accessible from the guesthouse, just a few minutes away by car.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi in all areas.
Every room is equipped with a TV with satellite channels.
Pula is known for its amphitheatre, one of the 6 largest surviving Roman arenas in the world.
The spa also provides a range of beauty and body treatments.
Every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with free toiletries.
Each room includes a TV with cable channels and air conditioning.
En suite bathrooms provide shower facilities.
In summer, a garden with barbecue facilities is available, as well.
The private bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer.
Featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
All units feature a kitchen and a bathroom with shower and a washing machine.
During summer, you can enjoy the sunset on the rooftop of Neorion with a complimentary glass of wine.
Free parking is provided at Ferienweingut Arnold Thiesen.
The private bathrooms include a hairdryer.
Apartment Søndergade is a self-catering accommodation located in Hov.
A grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 800 metres.
The spa town of Bad Kissingen is 10 km away.
Bed linen is featured.
The São Vicente Caves are a renowned tourist spot and are a 35-minute drive away.
The nearest beach is La Marinedda 1.5 km from the property.
An en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
A pillow menu is available.
It offers free shuttle service from Yevpatoriya Train Station.
Silken Coliseum is situated just 300 metres from Santander Train Station.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Zadar Airport is located 6 km from the property.
The Platinum Fashion Mall and Central World Plaza are both 1.5 km away from the apartment.
A flat-screen TV is provided and a balcony overlooks the mountains and river.
A car can be rented for sightseeing.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Copacabana Beach (5.5 km).
Waldpension is located in Kollnburg.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Hotel staff will assist you with tourist and travel information.
Free private parking is available on site.
Canoeing, snorkeling, and fishing are also popular here.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including golfing and snorkelling.
Armando Revoredo Iglesias Airport is 3 km away.
A super market and restaurants can be found at 200 metres.
The Citotel Le Challans is located in the city centre of Challans and opposite the train station.
Shared kitchen is at guests ́ disposal.
Guests can also relax by the fireplace in the bar, which features live music once a month.
Bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
Situated in a restored 16th-century convent, this hotel is located in Alter do Chão.
Laundry service is available upon request and at an extra charge.
Each apartment will provide you with a free internet access, a private bathroom and a kitchen.
"The highest levels of comfort await you in our 72 rooms for an enjoyable stay with a name you can trust.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
There is a spacious living-dining area with sofa, TV and dining table.
The staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage service.
The bathroom comes with a bath.
Piazza Barberini is 1.3 km from Guest Rooms Fortuna, while Sapienza University of Rome is 1.3 km away.
Antigoni Apartmens offers accommodation in Párga. Ai Giannakis Βeach is 400 metres from the property.
The Inn is within a 25-minute drive of the Massanutten Golf and Ski Resort.
The nearest airport is Tenerife Sur Airport, 15 km from the property.
In the evening, guests may also enjoy a drink in the hotel’s bar.
A bathroom with a bath comes standard.
Other facilities at House near the sea include a terrace.
Beverages and refreshments are available at the bar.
Special diet menus are available upon request.
They are equipped with TV and a private bathroom.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests can also walk to the Oder River waterfront 500 metres away.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
Spa and wellness facilities, massages and a fitness centre are available for a surcharge.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is 47 km away.
A breakfast is available each morning at Maison Lameloise and it can be served in the dining room or comfort of your own room.
Hôtel Christiania is situated in Val d’Isère in the Rhône-Alps Region.
Guests can enjoy hot and cold drinks in the lobby bar.
Kalamies Beach is 1.1 km from Anastasia Hotel Apartments, while Sunrise Beach is 1.3 km from the property.
Hotel features a meeting room for up to 50 guests.
The helpful staff are always on hand offering advice and assistance.
Sebilj Fountain is 4.1 km from Best of Sarajevo Paromlinska.
Free Wi-Fi and 24-hour front desk service are offered to all guests of the Fashionhaus Hotel.
Vaclav Havel Prague Airport is 13 km away.
Old Town Scottsdale is 12.6 km away.
You can enjoy a sweet Italian-style breakfast daily consisting of a croissant and coffee.
It is an ideal start point for exploring Belgrade by night.
Free public parking is available on site.
Guests can benefit from the free private parking provided on site.
Each non-smoking room is decorated in an Oriental theme.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Alex Beach Apartment 31.
Son Sant Joan Airport is located 17 km from the property.
A private bathroom with shower and hairdryer is standard.
Certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Strozzi Palace is 1.3 km from Apartment Milli, while Convent of San Marco is 1.3 km away.
Guests can enjoy panoramic views of the Manhattan skyline from the on-site fitness centre.
All units at the property are equipped with a clothes rack.
Guests can enjoy the outdoor terrace with barbecue facilities.
Located in Alushta, Prokhlada features free WiFi.
It offers an indoor pool, a tennis court and 14 meeting rooms.
Oberstdorf Train Station is 900 metres away, while the B190 motorway can be reached in 1.7 km.
This guest house is set within a farm, 2 km from Sospel in the Maritime Alps.
The terrace offering panoramic views is open in summer.
There is also a shared terrace with views of the city.
All accommodation units at the Annabelle’s come functionally furnished.
Some rooms feature a glass shower and a circular bed.
Memories Beach Hotel is located on the south east coastline of Santorini, in the quiet area of Monolithos.
They have a classic design from the 1900s and feature a wrought-iron bed.
Tivat Airport is 20 km away.
Free WiFi access is provided at Zimmer David.
The kitchenette is fitted with a microwave, coffee machine, toaster and washing machine.
At Hotel Kanchanikoot you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
Casa Joanot is located in the mountain village of Irán, in Catalunya’s Alta Ribagorza region.
Flórián Vendégház.
A shuttle service to both Fiumicino and Ciampino Airport are available on request.
You can also relish delicious cuisine in the elegant setting of the on-site restaurant.
Hiking trails start directly at the property, while the Wolfgangsee Lake is 1.5 km away.
The accommodation comes with a flat-screen TV.
A safety deposit box is also provided.
Shared bathroom facilities with free toiletries are available.
Guests are welcome to use the barbecue facilities for free in the summer months.
The property offers free parking.
The 24-hour front desk can help with luggage storage.
Guests will enjoy free property-wide Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception throughout their stay.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Kijkduin beach (1 km) and Mesdag Museum (3.0 km).
The Acletta Bus Stop can be reached within a 5-minute walk.
Many ski area can be found in the vicinity.
Room services are available.
The Tampa – Brandon Holiday Inn Express offers fitness and business centers for guest use.
Barbecue facilities and a terrace are in the garden.
Private bathroom comes with a shower.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The area is popular for water sports.
In summer, meals can be enjoyed at the spacious outdoor terrace.
The apartment overlooks a communal garden.
This modern hotel offers free motorbike rentals.
A flat screen TV and is also available.
Vienna Woods can be reached within 6 minutes by car.
Local restaurants can be found within 1 km from the property.
A restaurant, a supermarket and a wine bar are reachable within a 10-minute walk.
Casa Vacanze Villa Leone is a holiday home featuring free WiFi and a terrace set in Sperlonga, 2.5 km from Villa of Tiberius.
The property offers free parking.
Rooms at Pension Godenhof are colourfully decorated and furnished with rich wooden wall panelling.
It has a shared kitchen and a free seasonal outdoor pool.
Extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Gibraltar is 1 hour’s drive away.
Rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The kitchen includes a microwave and an oven, while the bathroom comes with a shower.
The property offers free parking.
There is a supermarket right across the hotel.
Phuket International Airport is 27 km away.
The property offers free parking.
Gervasoni Walk is 200 metres from Eco-Ruka, while Dimalow Walk is 200 metres from the property.
Petrovsky Stadium is 9 km from Apartment Gzhatskaya 22k3, while Hermitage Museum is 9 km from the property.
Breakfast is served each morning in the meal area.
Situated 2 km from Olymp entertainment park in Gelendzhik, this apartment features a balcony.
Offering a garden, Mobile Homes Kristina is located in Bibinje. Zadar is 6 km from the property.
The distance to the famous pedestrian Kirova Street is 4.6 km away.
A buffet breakfast is served on a sea-view terrace.
The guest house also offers free use of bicycles.
Facilities at Royal Orchid Resort include a business centre and tour desk.
It houses 2 restaurants, a business centre and night club.
Rooms here are spacious and each has seating area with a sofa or sofa bed.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 24 km from Ludwig Apartments on Korolyova Prospekt.
Dining at the Jackson Hole Diner and Sergio’s Italian Restaurant are within easy driving distance.
A continental breakfast is offered.
The hotel is 11.7 km from CairnGorm Mountain.
A children’s playground is available, for the younger guests of the Casa da Urra.
The Galzigbahn, Gampenbahn and Rendlbahn cable cars are next to the hotel.
Prumirim beach is 300 metres away.
The nearest airport is Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, 6 km from the property.
Offering a restaurant, Jaswant Bhawan Home Stay is located just 5 km from the Jodhpur Airport.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Holiday Apartment Manola 141 is 5 km from Carera Street in Rovinj.
Dalaman Airport is 30 km from Pasha Villas.
The 3-star Hotel Delfin is situated 1 km from the Warsaw-Moscow route no E30/2.
Weimar Berkaer Train Station is a 15-minute walk away.
The building houses the hostel as well as Berlin's oldest ballroom and the traditional Alt-Berlin pub.
The hotel is just over an hours’ drive from Palma and its airport.
Some have air-conditioning and others include a ceiling fan.
The nearest airport is Gazipasa Airport, 39 km from the property.
Offering a bath or shower, the private bathroom comes with towels.
Ataturk International Airport is 18 km from the property.
A fitness and business centre are offered to guests. A seasonal outdoor pool and a hot tub are also available.
The in-house restaurant serves regional, Indian, Chinese and continental delights.
An airport shuttle can be arranged at an extra charge.
Further facilities include baggabe storage and laundry service.
Thai and Western dishes are served in the open-air restaurant.
Guests have access to the shared kitchen, dining area and computer area.
Cable TV and free wired internet access are provided.
It takes 20 minutes by car to Tan San Nhat International Airport.
Horse-riding facilities are available nearby.
The price includes free entrance to Aqua Forum.
All units feature a flat-screen TV.
Indoor hot-spring baths are offered, and guests can enjoy playing table tennis.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The in-house café is open from Friday until Sunday during the summer.
There is a shared laundry room.
Cherry Capital Airport is 4 km away.
Bike hire and car hire are available at this bed and breakfast and the area is popular for snorkelling.
Guests can enjoy laundry service.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
Guests will find several cafes and restaurants within a radius of 500 metres.
Each includes a tea/coffee maker and a private bathroom.
Sishane Metro Station is right next to the hotel.
Guests are welcome to make special breakfast requests.
Free parking space is available on site.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The property is 3.9 km from Central Bank of Brazil and 4.5 km from Mane Garrincha Stadium.
There is a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a coffee machine. Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
The Tahoe Beach Club Resort is located directly on beautiful Lake George.
It offers free private parking, free in-room Wi-Fi, and a peaceful garden.
The picturesque mountain village of Portaria is at 16 km.
Each of the spacious rooms has a unique layout and colour scheme.
The port of Prinos with ferries to Kavala Town, is a 1-minute walk away.
Lourdes Train Station is a 34-minute drive from the property.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi access is available.
Japanese Yukata robes are provided for all guests and free parking is available.
A ski storage room with a ski boot dryer is available on site.
It is a 6-minute walk from Verneuil-sur-Avre Train Station.
The private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
Each room at the Best Western Plus at Historic Concord is decorated with dark wood furniture.
Facing west, it also has a terrace with sea and sunset views.
The beautiful Iztuzu Beach is only 5 km from the hotel.
The hotel’s concierge service can assist guests with car rentals and travel arrangements.
The property offers a terrace and BBQ-facilities.
All units are also fitted with a TV, desk and private bathroom with shower.
Trips to Jerusalem, the Dead Sea and Masada can be organised.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests can prepare meals in the kitchen, which contains a microwave and coffee machine.
There is also a dining area and an equipped kitchen with kitchenware and a refrigerator.
Every room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a TV.
There is private parking on site.
Every room comes with a flat-screen TV.
Guests can relax with the newspaper or a book in the spacious bar.
Free parking is available on site at the hotel.
The bathroom comes with a bathtub or shower and a hairdryer.
Room Laranjeiras is also close to Rio de Janeiro’s main attractions.
Nearby the property there is a restaurant (1,5 km) and a shopping area (1,5 km).
Some units also have a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
Air-conditioned rooms here will provide you with a satellite TV.
Guests can use the table tennis for free.
Park Hotel Amfora is situated in the green and peaceful Kniazhevo Quarter.
Other facilities offered at the Landhotel Oberlausitz include billiards, a children’s playground and a solarium.
A varied breakfast buffet is available each morning at the Berghof.
BBQ facilities are available for guest use.
The Pine Garden is a 15-minute walk away.
Free Wi-Fi is included in each room at Park West Inn.
Rooms are spacious and classically decorated.
Cafes are a 5-minute walk away.
Trains run to the Neue Messe Exhibition Centre in 40 minutes.
All also have a lake-view balcony.
It is 12.5 km to Johannesburg’s centre. O.R.
Restaurants and the village's cheese dairy are 200 metres away.
Magnolija Villa comprises a spacious garden.
Davos is 40 km from Gasthaus Zur Linde, while Arosa is 36 km from the property.
Room service is available.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
There is free parking.
For meals, enjoy delicious Thai cuisine served at Lanta Naraya Resort.
Sun Moon Lake Hotel has a business centre with meeting facilities.
Chimelong Xiangjiang Safari Park is a 25-minute drive away.
The property offers free parking.
The scenic Salamina is at 9 km.
Bathrooms comprise a shower, a bidet, bathrobes and free toiletries.
Crowley, Louisiana is 7 miles from the hotel.
Na Skarpie houses a restaurant serving regional and international dishes for breakfast.
The famous spa town of Bad Elster is a 10-minute drive from Hotel Alpenhof.
This cosy guesthouse offers beds in dormitory rooms, free WiFi access and on-site parking.
Guests can enjoy massage services in-room or by the pool.
The hotel is located 100 metres from Mui Ne Market and 17 km from Phan Thiet market and the city centre.
- Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 5 km from the property.
In the surroundings you will find shops (1 km) and a restaurant (200 m).
Other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage.
Guests staying 3 or more nights can use the on-site sauna for free.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a fridge and stovetop.
On-site shops selling creative clothes and bags are also available.
Brussels Airport is 32 km away.
WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Free on-site car parking is available as well.
A continental breakfast is also available for a lower price.
Guests benefit from terrace.
The kitchenette comes with a dishwasher.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven, microwave and kitchenware.
Packed lunches and grocery delivery are provided upon request.
Nea Anchialos National Airport is located 79 km from the accommodation.
Guests can use the fully equipped kitchen with a stove, oven, microwave and fridge.
Mihail Kogalniceanu International Airport is within 35 km.
Nicosia City is 160 km away.
The property offers free parking.
Free parking is offered. Vending machines featuring drinks are located on-site.
The popular Tongyeong Port and Nammangsan Sculpture Park are each a 5-minute drive.
Some have their own balcony.
Tan Son Nhat International Airport is also 5 km away.
The property offers views of the surrounding mountains and desert.
It offers an on-site restaurant and free breakfast and dinner.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony. Extras include a safety deposit box.
This holiday home is 82 km from Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport.
Various cafes and restaurants are situated within a 5-minute walk.
A microwave, a small fridge and coffee-making facilities are also included.
They will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
The property offers free parking.
The hotel also has free parking.
There is a bonfire spot and barbecue facilities.
Metrobus station is within a walking distance.
Guests have access to a children’s playground and a sun terrace.
Hotel Mahakal Ashray is located in Ujjain, 100 metres from Mahakaleshwar Jyotirlinga.
The Rashi is a 10-minute walk from the seafront and 21 km from Tel Aviv Airport.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is 11 km from the property.
The Ballon des Vosges Regional Nature Park is a 12-minute drive away.
The hotel is a 10-minute drive to Promthep Cape.
The beauty salon offers a range of treatments and massages.
City beach is a 15-minute walk away.
Lake Sayula and the Nevado de Colima National Park are both within 10 km.
Sandanski is located in south-western Bulgaria, close to the Greek border.
The house is set in delightful gardens in a quiet conservation area on the southern slopes of Bath.
Surgut Airport is 10 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy a daily breakfast in the comfort of their rooms, or at the hotel's dining area.
Guests enjoy free breakfast every morning, with vegan options available upon request.
The spacious guest rooms are bright and feature elegant pictures on the walls.
Every room includes a cable TV with premium cable channels.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Dubrovnik Bus Station and Ferry Port are at a distance of 5.5 km.
Coffee, tea and biscuits are always available on site.
The property also offers packed lunches.
Free parking is provided.
There is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
It has a pool with a large sun terrace and BBQ facilities.
It offers free Wi-Fi and modern, air-conditioned rooms, 15 minutes’ walk from Santiago Cathedral.
Mineral Wells Lake and State Park is 5.5 miles away.
Guests can make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
This holiday home is 76 km from Billund Airport.
There are 3 bathrooms, each with a bath or shower.
AHOY Rotterdam is located 15 kilometers away.
Each unit features a private bathroom with a shower.
An indoor swimming pool and sauna are available.
Monsaraz Castle is just 2 km from Monte do Laranjal. Alqueva Lake is just a few minutes’ walk away.
Different types of restaurants can be found within 500 metres from Hotel Casa de Cortes.
There is also a 24/7 convenience store.
A varied breakfast buffet is provided each morning.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Extras include dvd player, cd player and satellite channels.
The Kataraxtis Kakis Skalas waterfalls are just 500 metres away.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
Zahara Lake is a 30-minute drive away, while Jerez de la Frontera is 80 km away.
The well-kown city beach Bačvice is about 2 km away.
Children can enjoy breakfast at a reduced rate.
Shops, cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk.
Rooms include flat-screen TVs, telephones and tea/coffee-making facilities.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Soothing massages await at Bifern Homestay after a day of activity.
The property is equipped with a tour desk and shuttle service.
Being in the centre of Ciampino you are surrounded by cafés and restaurants.
Every room is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
You can also relax in our tastefully decorated sitting room.
The property has a library where books can be exchanged.
There is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the reception area.
The accommodation is 5 minutes’ walk from Arrieta centre, where seafood restaurants can be found.
Located in Viehhofen, this apartment is 6 km from Saalbach Hinterglemm.
They all have satellite TV and a minibar.
A TV is provided.
There is one parking place included in each reservation.
The whole hotel (and one of the rooms) is accessible for guests in wheelchairs.
The private bathroom is complete with a shower.
The property offers free parking at location nearby and Prague Airport is located 20 km away.
The room and the holiday home have a TV, electric kettle and linen and towels.
Guests can enjoy fresh local produce and speciality wines in the restaurant.
A tour desk is available to make travel arrangements or sightseeing.
The Indira Gandhi International Airport is 21 km away.
There is also a washing machine.
A typical Italian-style breakfast is served daily in the guests' room.
Free Netflix TV is offered to guests to use on their personal mobile devices.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
The Butwal Bus Station is just 50 metres away.
On-site parking is free, and the Bad Aibling exit of the A8 motorway is just 7 km away.
Private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
This villa offers an outdoor pool, a fitness centre and a well-equipped sun terrace.
You are also welcome to use the shared barbeque facilities.
Cape Town International Airport is 45 minutes by car.
You can enjoy pool view and garden view from all the rooms.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
It is 4,1 km to Pärnu Bus Station. Endla Theatre is 3,6 km away.
An airport shuttle service can be arranged. Luggage storage facilities are also available.
Novo Rio bus station and Maracanã stadium are within 13 km from Guest House Copacabana.
The accommodation will provide guests with a flat-screen TV, a DVD player and a minibar.
The property offers free parking.
Private parking is available on site.
Featuring an indoor pool and an outdoor pool with sun loungers, Hotel Delfin is located in Izola.
Guests enjoy good transport links around town.
The accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and a seating area.
A freshly cooked breakfast is served each morning, with lighter options also available.
It offers a daily buffet breakfast and free Wi-Fi.
The handcrafts market, the Central Park and the Anthropology Museum can be reached in 10 minutes by foot.
Brunico is a 30-minute drive away.
The Staybridge also has a courtyard area with barbecue facilities.
A hairdryer is available at reception.
Toulouse-Blagnac Airport is 15 km away.
Air conditioning is available upon charge.
A playroom for children is available.
Free public parking is possible near the property.
Guests at Ruta del Sol are served daily Continental and American breakfast.
The hotel provides weekday papers to guests.
The centre of Malaga is 40 minutes’ from the property.
Guests can use free Wi-Fi at the public areas.
Barbecue facilities and free parking are available.
It will take 2 minutes to walk to Ulitsa Frunze bus stop from Like Hostel Tula.
Talamanca Beach is 150 metres away.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
Accommodation for disabled guests is available.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Hot and cold items are offered, along with coffee and juice.
Kaunas is 24 km away.
There are many shops and restaurants nearby.
Certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
Ambergris Lake Villas offers on-site BBQ facilities.
Sevilla Cathedral and La Giralda are 350 metres from the property.
All rooms have a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The family-run Avenida Tropical is eco-friendly, using solar energy.
Other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
An indoor pool, hot tub and fitness centre are available.
Free private parking is offered on site.
In the area surrounding Apartments Kaja guests will find a couple of restaurants and cafes.
Samson Mall is a 5 minutes’ walk away.
Room service is provided.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling.
The house is also equipped with a baby cot, a breastfeeding chair and a baby chair.
The city of Thessaloniki is 1 hour’s drive away.
Tihany Ferry Port is at a distance of 5 km.
There is also a double bed in the living room.
Featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with a bath.
Free satellite TV channels are available upon request.
London Heathrow Airport is 23 km away.
It features a mahogany entrance door and functional décor.
The famous cathedral is only a 6-minute walk away.
Free WiFi access is available.
Rooms are large and offer different views.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport is Warsaw Chopin Airport, 8 km from Apartament Parku Moczydło.
It consists of sweet pastries and croissants, together with hot drinks.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Private bathroom comes with free toiletries, bathrobe and a hairdryer.
Featuring a bath, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
Podgorica Airport is 40 km from the property.
Daily maid service is available.
A large variety of wines is also available.
The Árpád Fürdő Outdoor Pool is 1.5 km from the property.
Savour fine cuisine in the hotel restaurant.
A grocery shop can be found within 100 metres from Family Hotel Markov's House.
Serving Thai and international delights, the restaurant allows guests to dine with the company of panoramic sea views.
The closest water-bus stop is Giardini-Biennale, a 7-minute walk from the property.
Bungalow Samui Ocean View offers free WiFi access in all areas.
Drama Theatre is a 10-minute walk away.
The nearest metro station, Służew is within 4 km.
The property is 2.3 km from Katoomba Scenic World and free private parking is available.
Each also includes a private bathroom with a shower.
Wi-Fi internet access is available in reception.
It features a private cinema and an outdoor swimming pool. Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The resort is less than a mile away from El Cid Country Club Golf Course and the Golden Zone.
It is just off the AP-8 Motorway.
The unit is 6 km from Lake Krasnoye.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
All rooms at Welcome Hotel Hellissandur provide views of the Vestfjords and Breidafjordur.
Towels are featured.
Private parking is available in the hotel garage for an extra fee.
Each has a furnished patio and views of Bayona Beach.
Bačvice Beach can be reached in 1.5 km, while Obojena Beach is 1.9 km away.
Sunliner is 1.2 km from Ferienwohnungen am Matinesweg.
The nearest airport is Bali Denpasar International Airport, 28 km from Sadri Bungalow.
Other services include laundry and bicycle rental.
There is a supermarket 200 metres away.
The apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
Other facilities at Tyrol Apart include a laundry room with a washing machine.
The guest house also offers free use of bicycles.
The nearest airport is La Rochelle - Île de Ré Airport, 5 km from the property.
Casa Agua Canela is located in Quito, just 5 km from the historic centre.
The accommodation will provide you with a balcony. There is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
The bathroom offers shower facilities and toiletries.
Rooms have private bathrooms with slippers and hairdryers.
CityLife Apartments offers self-catering accommodations at different locations in Skopje.
At Harmony Deluxe Apartment you will find a terrace. The property offers free parking.
Additionally, free Wi-Fi access is provided in the rooms.
The property offers free parking.
Accommodation will provide you with a balcony.
The nearest airport is Florence Airport, 60 km from the property.
The centre of Zakopane is 10 minutes’ walk away.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests also enjoy a shop, restaurant and bar can be found just 30 metres away.
Private bathroom comes with a shower.
Towels and linen are provided.
Western Washington University is 11 miles from this bed and breakfast.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a TV.
Every room comes with a TV with satellite channels.
Featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bidet.
The guesthouse boasts a massage parlour and beauty salon.
A fully equipped kitchen with a fridge and microwave is included.
A free shuttle service to the Rigi Cable Car is provided by the hotel.
Boasting simple décor and furnishing, accommodation is provided in shared dormitories or private rooms.
There are many shops and markets within walking distance.
Lisbon Portela Airport is located 6 km away.
Hotel Cristina overlooks the wonderful Bay of Naples and Mount Vesuvius.
A shuttle service from Pulkovo Airport (19 km) is available for an extra fee.
The hotel offers guests a concierge to help them explore the area and free weekday newspapers in the lobby.
An Italian breakfast of croissants and cappuccino is provided daily.
HRC de Schelphoek benefits from rooms with a pair of armchairs, cable TV and a work desk.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
Snacks are available from the bar throughout the day.
Every room has a private bathroom.
Historical Central Station is 700 metres from Corso Buenos Aires shopping street.
In front of each villa lies its private garden, filled with Cretan herbs, flowers and trees.
Rooms are air conditioned with private balcony.
Bellagio Village is 10 km from Bellagio and 30 km from Como.
This hotel offers free WiFi access, a business centre, and a free continental breakfast.
Bicycle and car rental are also available.
A buffet breakfast is also provided.
Ski lessons and a ski shuttle can also be organised.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The Schloß Meisdorf Golf Club can be reached in 20-minutes by car.
It is a popular destination for hiking and sports fishing.
There are plenty of bars, restaurants and public transport connections in the area.
Each room comes with a private bathroom.
At Hotel Terme di San Vittore you will find a garden and a snack bar.
Restaurants, bars and shopping are within walking distance of Falkinn Guesthouse.
There is a restaurants within a short walk.
The property has free private parking.
Each room is equipped with a shared bathroom.
Some units have a dining area and/or balcony.
It is a 1-hour drive away from Amiens.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Offered extras include a terrace, barbecue and garden furniture.
North Dakota State Capitol Grounds is 2 miles away.
U Capu Biancu is a 15 minute drive from Bonifacio in southern Corsica.
The hotel offers free on-site parking.
The comfortable rooms are decorated with a mixture of rustic and romantic furniture.
Also available to each apartment is a washing machine and ironing facility.
At BKR Ooty Gate Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a bar.
You can play billiards at the hotel.
Bike rental is also available.
The apartment is on the 2nd floor and is not served by a lift.
It offers a sun terrace with an outdoor pool and a poolside bar.
Rockingham Dragway is 16 minutes' drive away.
A full English breakfast is provided in the dining room.
You can enjoy garden view.
The resort also offers car hire.
The bathroom has a hairdryer.
All the rooms at Hotel du Parc offer a flat-screen TV and a desk.
Hue Hostel is located just 100 metres from Huong River and 800 metres from Dong Ba Market in Hue.
You can also order breakfast which will be delivered to the apartment.
Guests can enjoy local dishes at the restaurants located around the property.
Hotel Rio Playa Blanca has a restaurant and lounge-bar.
Elefthérios Venizélos Airport is 22 km away.
Regional specialties, as well as a selection of drinks are available in the guest house’s restaurant.
This 3-star property offers self-catering accommodation 30 metres from the sea and 150 metres from Zaboric’s beach.
The property offers free public parking at a nearby location.
They include a tea/coffee maker and ironing facilities.
Shuttle services are available at an extra charge.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
They are at your disposal 24 hours a day.
The nearest airport is Rostov-on-Don International Airport, 210 km from the property.
Burgas Airport is 22 km from the property.
The Sandgate offers accommodation in Skegness.
Restaurants, bars and grocery shops are located within a 5-minute walk from the studio.
Select units offer mountain views.
Shared bathrooms are fitted with a bath.
Visitors are invited to sunbathe in the garden or relax with a drink on the outside terrace.
The en suite bathrooms feature hydromassage baths or showers.
Room service is also provided.
Nicely located, Villa Cielo is within 40 minutes’ drive from beautiful Cap de Formentor.
All units come with a private balcony and sea views.
The apartment is non-smoking, but there is a designated smoking area on the balcony.
The ground floor includes the bedroom with 2 single beds and a sofa bed.
The property can provide barbecue facilities and laundry services.
Both oriental and western breakfast are offered by the hotel.
Services like laundry and dry cleaning are provided.
A TV, minibar and seating area are also provided.
The two-bedroom accommodation will provide a cable TV, free WiFi and a DVD player.
The unit is 1.9 km from Rustaveli Theatre.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and bar.
The bathroom is completed with free toiletries, a hairdryer and a bidet.
Bicycles can be hired for free.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
Saint-Florent’s Harbour is 1 km away.
Families travelling with children under the age of 16 are required to book private rooms.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Design Flat Republique.
It offers a free evening buffet and free Wi-Fi internet access.
The property offers free WiFi and private parking.
The centre of the village is a 5-minute walk from Agritur Laura.
It also has Thai and Western dishes for lunch and dinner.
Free Wi-Fi is available on site.
The A1 motorway exit is around 40 km away.
Some units have a seating area where you can relax.
The Archette Hospital is 2 km away.
A bakery and a restaurant can be found 200 metres away.
You can enjoy a sea view from all the rooms.
Virgin Valley Museum is 5 minutes' drive away.
Breakfast is served each morning in the elegantly furnished breakfast room with wooden floors.
All rooms include a private bathroom, and most have a TV.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
There is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
The nearest airport is Simferopol Airport, 53 km from Guesthouse Khutorok.
At Khang Phu Hotel, guests will find a 24-hour front desk.
Domus Europa Apartments are set in 2 locations outside the restricted traffic zone.
Guests can also use the barbecue facilities.
Guests are invited at Ferienwohnungen Haus Erli to prepare their own home-cooked meals.
The air-conditioned rooms come with a satellite TV, minibar and a fridge.
Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport is 90 km away.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven, fridge and stovetop.
Hot and cold buffet breakfast is served daily.
Free private parking is available on site.
You will find a kettle in the room. Every room has a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
Located in the centre of Lourdes, this 3-star hotel was built at the beginning of the 20th century.
There is a dining area and a kitchen.
The nearest airport is Avignon-Provence Airport, 65 km from Hotel Galilee.
Juan Santamaría International Airport is 50 km away.
A balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
It features a continental breakfast and free Wi-Fi.
An adjacent dining area is also offered.
The property is set in the Gracia District, 10 minutes’ walk from Parc Güell.
Free toiletries are provided in the en suite bathroom.
The hotel is 1.6 km from the Orsay Museum and 1.7 km from Place de la Concorde.
Juan Santamaría International Airport is located 70 km away.
A fitness centre and swimming pool are available and free of charge.
Apartament Al Jerozolimskie offers accommodation in Warsaw.
The property also features a relaxing porch furnished with chairs and tables.
Hurghada International Airport is located 17 km away.
A fireplace, a satellite TV and a sofa are standard in all accommodations at Snow Bear Condos.
The front desk is open 24-hours for guest assistance.
The rooms are attractively decorated according to Cycladic tradition, which is in keeping with the natural environment.
The bright living room is air-conditioned and includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The hotel is 4.9 km from Bethel College. The Potawatomi Zoo is 12 minutes’ drive away.
The Halle-Center shopping mall is just a 5-minute walk away from the Mercure Halle Leipzig.
Würzburg centre can be reached in 10 minutes via train.
Complete with a microwave, the dining area also has an electric kettle.
Westend S-Bahn (city rail) Station is just a 4-minute walk from the Apartment-Westend.
Bus stops can be found in close proximity to the Hotel Camelia.
Offering a terrace and sauna, Hotel Hon Saroy is set in Tashkent.
Fontainebleau is only a 20-minute drive away.
The hotel also has Chinese and Japanese restaurants.
Extras include bed linen and a fan.
Breakfast can also be brought to your room on request.
During the high season, guests will be able to enjoy homemade food in the on-site restaurant for dinner.
The Cyprus University of Technology is 1.45 km away.
Rooms are spacious, featuring wooden furnishings and en suite bathrooms.
A generous breakfast is available until 09:30 and includes homemade pastries, donuts and muffins.
Gästehaus Ruh’s rustic restaurant serves dishes from the Baden region.
Hiking, fishing and snorkeling can be enjoyed in the surroundings.
A variety of bars, restaurants and supermarkets can also be found in the surrounding area.
La Palma Airport is 35 minutes’ drive away.
The closest city is Świdnica, 8 km away.
The nearest airport is Pisa International Airport, 73 km from the property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A minibar and a small seating area are included.
Bali Hai Pier Marina is less than 2 km away.
The property offers free parking.
For convenience, the guesthouse offers a 24-hour front desk and safety deposit boxes.
The bathrooms include a shower and ski storage facilities are also provided.
Cape St Francis beach is only a short walk away from the apartments.
The nearest airport is Trapani Airport, 12 km from Terranova Appartamenti.
Each has a private bathroom with hairdryer and bathtub.
Every suite at the Albany TownPlace is equipped with a work desk and separate living room.
The property offers free parking.
The 2-story Inn offers guests 53 comfortable and spacious rooms.
The tour desk can arrange tickets for Camp Nou Football Stadium.
The fresh food market can be reached in a short walk.
The hotel’s staff can assist guests with planning visits to Nahuel Huapi National Park.
There are lighter options including toast, cereals, fruit and yoghurt.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Zell am See-Kaprun Golf Course, which is 2.4 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
This holiday home is 5 km from Hilo Airport.
The hotel also offers free use of bicycles.
All rooms have heating and garden views.
Guests can try on the sleepwear and slippers and unwind with fresh tea.
Sochi International Airport is 85 km from Guest House Lermontov.
Guests can also relax in the elegant bar fifty nine and in the Vintage wine room.
Hungarian and international dishes are served at the restaurant.
The in-house restaurant serves Indian, Chinese and Continental dishes.
Guest rooms at Nyksund Gjestehus have either shared or private bathroom facilities.
Air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a phone and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Nearby activities include snorkelling and fishing.
Some rooms include views of the mountain or garden.
Most have a balcony.
The two bedroom apartment got one bedroom with a double bed and one bedroom with a single bed.
Luggage storage and laundry services can be provided upon request.
Self-catering accommodation is chalets and mobile homes and each feature a private terrace.
The nearest airport is Côte d'Azur Airport, 7 km from the property.
Guests can use a common kitchen with a dining area.
The restaurant serves local specialities at lunch and dinner.
Offering an outdoor pool, Pousada Shangrila is located in Ribeirão Preto.
Windsurfing and snorkeling opportunities can be found in the vicinity.
The shared bathrooms are in the hallway.
The villa is composed of 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, fitted with a bath.
Free WiFi is provided in public areas at the property.
There is a completely fitted kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Porto Cardosas Story Apartments is a 20-minute drive from Porto International Airport.
The spacious air-conditioned rooms have pastel-coloured décors and furniture.
You can enjoy city views from the room.
Refreshments are also served on the terrace.
The Mediterranean garden features a swimming pool and a pond.
Kitchen utensils and dishes are also included.
Alushta town is 13 km from Sedmoye Nebo Hotel.
Gorky Park is a 15-minute walk away.
They feature a seating area and an en suite bathroom.
Some studios and apartments feature a sea-view terrace.
A shared lounge with sofas and a TV is offered.
Parking is free at the property.
Free Wi-Fi is provided.
The property is 2.5 km from Kołobrzeg Lighthouse and 2.2 km from Kołobrzeg Pier.
The property is located 400m from the beach and 800m from the nearest shopping opportunities.
Hotel Gangothri, located 500 metres away, serves vegetarian Indian delights.
They offer a fully-equipped kitchen and free Wi-Fi.
Frei Caneca Convention Centre is 150 metres from Hotel Moncloa.
Featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
The hotel has a children's playground and spa centre, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment Inndays at Profsoyuznaya.
The rate includes a continental breakfast and free wireless internet access in public areas.
The hotel is 281 km from Patna Airport and 7 km from Jasidih Railway Station.
Take advantage of Hotel Setar's free private parking.
Equipped with a fridge, select units provide a plush sofa in the seating area.
Golf is a popular activity in the area, as well as water sports.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are provided.
The hotel is located in Fethiye city centre with many restaurant and shop opportunities nearby.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Inn Driftwood also provides copy and fax services at the front desk.
Every room includes a private bathroom.
Apartment na Malozemelskaya 14a is an apartment set in Novorossiysk, 3 km from Tsentralny Stadium.
The in-house vinotheque stocks a wide range of fine Austrian wines.
The accommodation will provide you with a terrace and a seating area.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
The hotel has a large swimming pool with a section for children, plus a children's playground.
Cool drinks and cocktails are served at the lounger bar or pool snack bar.
There is a sauna on the premises that can be used at an extra charge.
There also is a fireplace.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The lounge bar is open 24-hour a day.
Free public parking is possible on site.
The hotel is 500 metres from the Market Square and its 18th century Town Hall.
Each bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages can be purchased at the hotel's reception.
Gananoque Golf and Country Club is 1.7 km from the motel.
Tours Loire Valley Airport is 21 km away.
There are also other restaurants in the surrounding area.
BBQ equipment is also provided.
Horse riding stables are 1 km away.
Each room at this inn is air conditioned and features a TV with cable channels.
A well-tended and spacious garden surrounds the property.
Tivat Airport can be reached in 25 km.
Sarajevo National Theatre is 600 metres away.
The 24-hour front desk stores luggage and offers currency exchange.
Staff can recommend nearby cafés for breakfast.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
This apartment is located in a town villa in Hameln, a 9-minute walk from the River Weser.
Each bungalow has an en suite bathroom and feature a Lanna-style decor and wood furnishings.
The apartment is furnished with natural materials and has a modern look.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Bed linen is available.
All rooms come with a dining table and complimentary bottle of water.
Each spacious room here is decorated with Mayan crafts, and will provide you with a balcony and a terrace.
Small children are allowed to ride the llamas, alpacas and donkeys.
Hostel Clock Tower also includes a terrace.
The property offers free parking.
It offers an outdoor pool and activities like yoga and dance classes.
Ufa International Airport is 21 km from the property.
Rooms here come with free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen TV.
At Yangpin House Homestay you will find a shared kitchen.
Each room's private bathroom is equipped with a shower and includes a hair dryer.
The spacious lounge also includes a sofa and satellite TV.
The restaurant is open only to hotel guests and serves dishes prepared with local produce.
At Ferienhaus Perle you will find a garden and a terrace.
Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport is located 4.8 km away.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The property offers free parking.
They feature free WiFi and outdoor pools.
An optional continental breakfast can be delivered upon request.
Shuttle services are available from the hotel to Reno-Tahoe International Airport, 3 miles away.
A sweet breakfast buffet is offered daily, but on request this can be savoury.
The property offers free parking on-site.
Wi-Fi is free at reception.
Breakfast , snacks and ice creams are served at the property's bar.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
A hairdryer and free toiletries are included.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV.
Many hiking trails are nearby.
The nearest airport is Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport, 17 km from the property.
This lively area has lots cafés, and Borghese Gallery and Museum is 1 km away.
The front desk is open 24 hours a day, and a private beach area is also available.
Set in the heart of Puglia, it offers air-conditioned rooms with views of San Domenico Church.
The rooms come with tiled floors, private bathroom and TV.
Guests can prepare their meals in the kitchen with a stove, microwave and fridge.
The property can accommodate up to eight guests.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the entire property.
Wi-Fi is free in public areas.
Ironing and laundry services can be arranged by the 24-hour front desk.
At Trinidad guests will find a communal sauna and a terrace.
The Stuttgart Airport Holiday Inn Express provides a large breakfast buffet each day.
Room service is offered as an added guest convenience.
Fitted with tiled floors, the simply decorated rooms of Antinoos have a fridge.
An optional breakfast buffet is offered at Gästehaus Deidesheim for an additional charge.
After a day of exploring, relax in the hotel's heated outdoor pool.
Some overlook the city.
On site, there is also a fitness room available for guests.
Offering free WiFi, this villa offers a complete holiday experience with staff and 24-hour security.
Fontanarossa Airport is 49 km away.
Avellino is 12 km away.
An outdoor pool and a continental breakfast are featured.
The property is 32 km from Murcia and 120 km from Alicante Airport.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Sunrise Beach (3 km) and Kalamies Beach (4.7 km).
All have air-conditioning, a ceiling fan and a safety deposit box.
The restaurant serves a spread of Chinese dishes and beverages.
Other services include laundry and tour arrangements.
Ipatevsky Monastery is a 15-minute drive away.
Guests can prepare their own meals since all the apartments feature their own kitchenette.
Rodrigo de Freitas Lagoon is 3 km away.
Corfu Town is located 12 km from Benitses and can be reached easily by bus.
Each room features air conditioning, a desk and a wardrobe.
All rooms have a shared bathroom.
Plečnik house museum is 300 meters away.
At Secret de Neige you will find a piano.
The Feixiang Park Subway Station (Line 2) is about 10 minutes' walk away.
Guests can also request for laundry and dry cleaning services.
Guests can enjoy meals at the on-site restaurant.
An on-site restaurant, Blue Marine, serves Thai and European food from 07:00 to 20:00 hrs.
Hotel provides ample parking spaces for guests.
Treviso Airport is 73 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is available.
Guests can enjoy Thai dishes at the restaurant between 07:00-20:00 hrs.
Towels and linen are also provided.
Free WiFi is available in the hotel rooms.
Ngurah Rai International Airport is 27 km from the property.
Free WiFi is provided.
The property offers free parking.
All rooms have air conditioning, a TV, sofa and a tiled bathroom.
The nearest airport is Sochi International Airport, 7 km from Guest house Na Figurnoy 51.
The property has a reception and lobby.
A sweet buffet breakfast is included.
Free parking is available on site.
Shops and bars can be easily found in the surrounds.
The Alghero Apt is located 2.5 km from Alghero Train Station.
Studios are equipped with air conditioning and heated flooring.
Whangamata Beach House is situated in Whangamata, 46 km from Whitianga and 30 km from Thames.
The property is 500 metres from Copacabana Beach and 2 km from Dorival Caymmi Statue.
The hotel is 3 km from Swayambhu and Kathmandu Durbar Square.
Free private parking is available on site.
At North Salem Country House you will find barbecue facilities.
All the rooms feature a TV, wardrobe and a desk.
It is in Breitenholz next to the Schönbuch Nature Reserve.
Free private parking is available at the hotel.
The nearest airport is Verona Airport, 8 km from the property.
The bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
Traditional décor and framed artwork are included in each suite at the Room-Club Hotel.
The Cyganeria Restaurant serves Polish and international dishes.
Guests can also request for their ironing to be done.
Catania Fontanarossa Airport is 46 km from the property.
Superior rooms also have a balcony or a gallery.
GerManiya Hotel is situated in Kislovodsk, the Narzan Gallery is within a 5-minute walk away.
Its restaurant serves traditional Andalusian cuisine.
It includes parquet floors, a kettle, and a flat-screen TV.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The rooms have a flat-screen TV.
A bus with links to Monreale stops 200 metres away.
Candia also includes 2 bars and a traditional Greek coffee house.
Some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Kayak Centre is 350 metres from the property, and Chekhov's country house is 450 metres away.
It offers an outdoor pool, shared with the other houses in the complex, and free WiFi.
Leisure activities during summer include hiking and mountain biking.
Belltower Motor Inn is a short 5-minute drive from Shepparton's town centre.
A TV is featured.
The area is popular for snorkelling and diving.
Features include a restaurant and rooms with a Qutab Minar view.
Apartments Svetlana also includes a terrace.
Guests can relax on the Pirámide’s terrace or enjoy a drink in the complex’s bar.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
The classically furnished rooms at Hotel Garni Am Hopfenmarkt each feature a TV and private bathroom.
Children can play on a public children ́s playground 50 metres from the property.
A hairdryer is provided upon request.
Rimini Train Station is a 5-minute walk from the property.
The best motorway exit to take is Santo Stefano di Magro.
Hostel Esenin features free WiFi throughout the property.
New Athos Monastery is located 6 km from the property and Soukhoumi is 22 km away.
Families with children can benefit from a 4-lane bowling alley, a playground and a games room.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, satellite channels, a DVD player and a CD player.
There are several dining options within 600 metres.
It features bike rental and tour desk service.
From here, you can visit Forte dei Marmi, 3 km away from the hotel.
The Ospedale Garibaldi Centro hospital is less than a 9-minute drive away.
This 18th-century guest house offers free Wi-Fi and a full cooked breakfast.
This hostel offers private double bedrooms and beds in dormitories.
Guests can relax in the shaded garden with a drink or coffee from the bar.
Caserta is a 35-minute drive from Max Hotel, while Castel Volturno is 33 km away.
All the rooms will provide you with a minibar, seating area and TV.
Long term parking is possible on site.
The reception desk is open 24 hours a day.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and bath.
It offers an on-site restaurant serving a traditional menu, free Wi-Fi access and free parking.
Situated 100 metres from the beach, the Sharm Hotel is located in the resort of Adler.
Breakfast is served there every morning.
The nearest airport is Istanbul Ataturk Airport, 11 km from the property.
There is a walk-in shower and a washin basin in the en suite bathroom.
It operates a 24-hour front desk to assist guests at all hours.
A free shuttle service from the airport and Gelendzhik bus station is available.
Freshly laundered towels are provided.
The Sunrise Hotel features bright rooms decorated in a classic style.
Both Peter and Paul Fortress and Neva River are within 15 km.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
The private bathroom with shower includes toiletries.
The Zadar Main Bus Station is located at a distance of 5 km.
Međugorje is 47 km from the property.
At Positive Apartments you will find a shared kitchen and shared bathroom facilities.
Superior rooms have a hydromassage shower as well as the spa bath.
Huascar historical boat is a 20-minute car ride away.
Parking is available for free.
The property features a sauna and a garden and offers free parking.
Located close to the beach, the central location features nearby shops and restaurants.
It is served on the terrace overlooking the sea.
It also has a bar.
The nearest beaches are 200 metres away.
Valadares offers a 24-hour reception, room service and laundry facilities.
Eyre Square can be reached on foot in 10 minutes.
During the stay, guests have access to free WiFi.
Free private parking is possible on site.
With assistance from the tour desk, guests can make arrangements for diving, snorkelling and fishing trips.
It features 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms with showers, a living room and a dining area.
Republic Palace is 1.1 km from Maqan Hotel Almaty, while Kok Tobe Mountain is 1.4 km from the property.
The Amsterdam city ring A10 is only 9 km away from the hotel.
Only 15 minutes' drive from Margate, and a 20-minute drive from Canterbury.
Northern Oklahoma College is 10 miles from this hotel.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
There is a sun deck surrounding the pool, and poolside sun loungers are provided.
The property is just 1 km from the Janardhana Swamy Temple.
You can also relax with drinks and enjoy the mountain views.
Lviv High Castle Park is 1.3 km away.
Riga Airport is 10,4 km away.
Some apartments also have a balcony.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out La Rural Winery (3.7 km) and Pedro Y Jorge Cecchin Winery (4.9 km).
The NASCAR Hall of Fame is 9.5 miles away.
This Marysville hotel features Acienda Spanish-style architecture and décor.
Odessa Airport is 180 km away.
Baan Boran is located in Bangkok City, a 5-minute walk from the lively Khaosan Road.
All rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
There is also a barbecue outside.
A designated dining area is available in the garden of the Emona House.
The hotel is situated 23 km from Fontainebleau and its train station.
Guests also enjoy free WiFi access throughout the property.
B&B Caribe Centro - Via Tendenza features free WiFi .
Additional facilities at the Cleotel include a bar and a living room with board games.
Garretstown is 20 minutes’ drive from The Old Bank Town House.
Monschau town centre is a 5-minute walk away.
A&S Ferienwohnungen is a self-catering accommodation centrally located in Bad Godesberg.
Shops are 1 km away and restaurants can be found within 2 km.
They each feature a private bathroom and a kitchenette.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
The home has air conditioning and includes satellite TV, a fan and a private entrance.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a vending machine with cold beverages.
The pet-friendly accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area.
Towels and bed linen are featured at La Casa Azzurra.
A children’s playground is available.
Full buffet breakfast is also included.
Guests of Denver Tech Center La Quinta Inn & Suites can enjoy a workout in the hotel fitness centre.
Edinburgh Capital Hotel is close to the A90.
Free parking is available on site.
Cam Ranh International Airport is 27 km away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing and horse riding.
Free private parking is also available on site.
Free WiFi access is provided.
Cervantes’ house is within a 10-minute walk of the Convento Santa Clara.
Villa MARGARITA also includes an outdoor pool.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Certain units have views of the sea or pool.
The property is 700 metres from the Livu Aqua Park.
They offer a seasonal outdoor pool and free on-site parking.
The 4-star Mozart Hotel dates back to the early 19th century.
Each room is also furnished with a work desk and coffee maker.
In addition, the resort can arrange guided hiking tours.
Private dining is possible with room service.
The property offers free secure parking.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 50 km from Rumah Pohon Tree House.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
A toaster and refrigerator are also featured, as well as a coffee machine.
Overlooking Legian Beach, Bali Village Bagak Hotel is located in central Legian.
It offers free Wi-Fi and rooms with flat-screen TV.
You can enjoy a cup of tea or coffee on your private terrace.
Breakfast is optional, and snacks and beverages can be enjoyed on the summer terrace.
Kiev City Centre is approximately 4 metro stops away.
Offering a restaurant, Silk Way Boutique Hotel is located in Osh, a 7-minute walk from Central Market.
The property provides accommodation in bungalows and holiday homes.
The hotel is located 500 metres from Durango’s Art and History Museum.
Other facilities offered at the property include water sports facilities, a shared lounge and a tour desk.
Chez Passoud’s restaurant serves traditional local dishes and specialities.
The nearest airport is Carrasco International Airport, 18 km from Ejidonia Hostel Montevideo.
Počitniška hiška is located in Bohinj, only 6 km from Lake Bohinj.
All air-conditioned rooms include cable TV, a DVD player and a work desk with Wi-Fi internet access.
Valentine & Elise is less than a 10-minute drive from the EU district and the NATO Headquarters.
There is a bathroom with a bath or shower.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 8 km from G7 Residence.
The property offers free parking.
Pontevedra is a 25-minute drive away.
This boutique oceanfront property boasts 3 terraces with fire pits and ocean views.
Free Wi-Fi is available in entire property.
It offers spacious, air-conditioned accommodation, an open-air terrace and a garden.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a balcony. There is also a dining table.
Private bathrooms also come with towels.
The Hotel Horní Dvůr’s restaurant serves international dishes and Czech cuisine.
There are several restaurants within a 5-minute drive.
The city centre can be reached in a 15-minute drive.
The nearest airport is Alicante Airport, 26 km from the property.
The spacious villas of Crystal Water Estates feature bright interiors.
Guests can sample the wine while walking through the vineyards.
Stephans Albergo offers free Wi-Fi.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
Guests can also enjoy a cocktail at the hotel bar in the evening.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the premises.
This hotel in Dresden is 1.4 km from Klotzsche Airport and the Klotzsche business park.
Wi-Fi is available free of charge.
The Gardener Museum of Architecture and Design is 5 miles from the hotel.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The property offers spacious suites with free Wi-Fi access.
Lockers are available, along with an airport shuttle service.
For guests’ convenience, the hotel provides babysitting services and free public parking.
This holiday home is 82 km from Clermont-Ferrand Auvergne Airport.
The apartments have a washing machine and a balcony overlooking the Dubai Creek.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Volga-Volga is located in Glebovo on the bank of the Volga River, 23 km from Rybinsk.
This hotel is just 150 metres from Çanakkale’s seafront.
They also feature a TV with DVD player.
24-hour room service is also available.
There is a café serving drinks and traditional Galician dishes.
Breakfast is served each morning on the terrace or in the comfort of guests’ rooms.
It is a 15-minute walk from Santos.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
The apartment features free WiFi throughout the property.
Private bathrooms are fitted with showers.
Kaliningrad Khrabrovo Airport is 11 km from the property.
B&B La Magia dei Sogni is 10 minutes’ drive from Verona.
In the surrounding area it is also possible to find a variety of restaurants and cafés.
It offers rooms and a cottage, both with free Wi-Fi access and free private parking on site.
The apartment will provide you with a TV and air conditioning. Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Heary fare with local features can be expected in the on-site restaurant.
Heraklion International Airport is 89 km away.
Towels are available.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, electric kettle and kitchenware.
This hotel features a wellness centre including an indoor pool, gym and sauna on the 14th-floor.
Hotel rooms include parquet floor and a private bathroom with shower.
Each room includes a spacious work desk.
El Prat Royal Golf Club is 2.5 km from the property.
Playa de Caleta de Velez is 300 metres away, and Playa de Torre del Mar Beach is 500 metres away.
A business centre with fax and photocopying services is available, as well as a library and a gift shop.
A Japanese dinner menu is also served.
For more relaxation, there are steam rooms.
A TV is available.
Other facilities at Old Stone House Kazaviti include a barbecue.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this villa.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
There is also a reading corner with books, travel brochures and vouchers.
Ram Jhula is 5 km from the property.
Certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
Guests can also take a sip of local sake.
Breakfast includes homemade pastries, yoghurt and jam.
Dalsland Moose Ranch is just a 20-minute walk away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
This property also features a terrace, a bar and free on-site parking.
Kelowna International Airport is 49 km from the property.
Budva is 37 km from Guesthouse Ada, while Podgorica is 47 km away.
Travel assistance can be sought at the tour desk.
Ella Guest Inn features a common lounge area where guests can relax and socialize with one another.
The Albanese Candy Factory is 25 minutes’ drive away.
Laundry and fax/photocopy services are available at the front desk.
The Hotel Aegli has a coffee bar on the ground floor, where buffet breakfast is also served.
The apartment is 20 minutes’ drive from Brussels Airport.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served at the a la carte restaurant.
Each apartment has a double bed and a bathroom with bath.
The nearest airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 6 km from the property.
Voskresenskiy Cathedral, Karl Marks Square and Tyutchev Square are all a 20 minutes’ drive away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Some units include a seating area where you can relax.
Free private parking is available on site.
I Mulini features direct access to its private beach.
Guests of Resort Maramures can relax at the bar and on the terrace.
You can engage in various activities, such as windsurfing and cycling.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Hampton Inn Lewisville’s guest rooms are equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
Most rooms overlook the Vatican Museums or the historic walls.
Each self-catering apartment has wonderful ocean views.
Special diet menus are available upon request.
A seating area and dining table are provided.
Sabine Villa offers free parking.
The Olomouc ZOO, as well as the Svatý Kopeček pilgrimage place, is located at the distance of 12 km.
Spacious accommodation with free Wi-Fi in all rooms are offered.
Hailar Railway Station is located a 15-minute drive away.
Every room has a private bathroom with a bidet and shower, with a hairdryer provided.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer.
Restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 5 km from the property.
The hotel has a sun terrace and views of the sea, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
You can play billiards at the property, and the area is popular for skiing.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Bournemouth Airport is 6 km away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
The unit fitted with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven.
Centro Hotel Blankenburg was built in 1890.
The ultra-modern kitchens have a stove, oven, dishwasher and a washing machine.
A cable TV and a seating area are featured in each air-conditioned room at Payette Motel.
The Mintaro Maze is only a 12-minute drive away and Clare Golf Course is 8 minutes’ drive away.
Each one comes with a TV and private bathroom.
Bad Aibling Train Station is 11 km away.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
It has a hot tub and a steam room.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Guests at the Holiday Inn Express are provided with a daily breakfast and hot coffee in the breakfast room.
Featuring shower facilities, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer.
All rooms have fans, a heater and a fridge.
All cottages are air conditioned and feature a seating area.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 33 km from Apartment on Zelenodolskaya 16.
Bars and cafés can be found in the surrounding old town.
The nearest metro station is Sevilla, only 190 metres away.
An outdoor pool is available.
The nearest airport is Florence Airport, 24 km from Villa in Greve III.
24-hour front desk and laundry facilities are also offered.
Kensington Court is less than 3 miles from the University of Bath.
At Apartment Red Star guests can also relax in a garden and on a terrace.
Kapetan Matapas is a charming traditional villa situated in Areopolis, within 2 km of the sea.
Some rooms offer views of the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Guests can walk around the garden or the farm, which includes a vegetable garden, fruit trees, and animals.
Irkutsk International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
Other area activities include fishing in the Kemijoki River and golfing.
It offers apartments that open to a balcony with Cretan Sea views.
It has a spa area with a sauna and a steam bath.
Alianthos Suites also features a children’s playground and BBQ facilities.
At the motel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Meals can be enjoyed in the dining area.
Continental Country Club is 33.8 km from the casino and resort.
Gillette-Campbell County Airport is 10 minutes’ drive away.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding and hiking.
Grocery store is 1-minute walk from the apartment.
A restaurant is 80 metres away and within a 5-minute drive, you can also reach a grocery store.
Villa Lochana offers accommodation in Dalupotha. Free private parking is available on site.
A sweet Italian breakfast is available.
All rooms boast 18th century furniture, parquet floors and warm decor.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel.
Hotel Galícia is 6 km from Maracanã Stadium, and 16 km from Galeão International Airport.
Free on-site parking is offered.
Featuring a 24-hour front desk, the homestay has its own garden.
Towels and bed linen are featured.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
An á la carte restaurant is in the neighbouring property.
It is 40 km from Annecy and 79 km from Chamonix.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
All air-conditioned rooms feature rustic-style furniture and come with a private bathroom.
Guests are welcome to book the Alpha’s shuttle for trips within the Hanover city limits.
It takes 45 minutes to drive to Ngurah Rai International Airport.
A range of drinks is provided at the bar.
Numerous Napa Valley wineries are within 16 km of this hotel.
Guests are welcome to relax in the sauna or on the sunbathing lawn, where there is also a children’s playground.
Aero Hotel is located in Omsk, 1-minute walk from Omsk International Airport.
At Apartmani Hemetek you will find a garden and a shared terrace.
An on-site fire pit provides a place for guests to relax and socialize.
Offering a restaurant, Mimino Guesthouse is located in Dilijan.
At Bonneblond you will find a garden, a terrace and a shared kitchen.
Fitted with a balcony, rooms feature cable TV, a refrigerator.
Each is fitted with a private bathroom featuring a shower.
The bathroom has a shower and a hairdryer.
Bathrooms and toilets are shared.
Most have carpeted floors.
Free WiFi access is available.
Silver Metro and Gufaa restaurant serves Indian cuisines.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Tithira Guest House is 2 km from Hikkaduwa Railway Station.
A fully-equipped kitchen is available in the villa for guests who wish to prepare their own meals.
Bicycle rental can be arranged at the 24-hour reception.
It boasts fine wines and spirits.
Breakfast is served every morning, while drinks can be enjoyed in the bar in the evening.
A cable TV is in every room and some also include a private balcony.
It has a 24-hour reception.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as 2 private bathrooms.
WiFi is free throughout.
All the rooms have spectacular views of the Pyrenees Mountains.
Lombok International Airport is a 1 hour, 45-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Riga International Airport, 10 km from the property.
Some furthermore have a microwave.
Free WiFi and free private parking are available at the property.
Tbilisi International Airport is 79 km away.
Free WiFi access is available.
A mini oven, microwave and stove are provided for making home-cooked meals.
Genova Old Harbour and its famous aquarium are 1.5 km away.
Boat excursions to nearby islands and beaches are offered during summer season.
A homemade continental breakfast is served every morning.
Free private parking is also available at this apartment.
The bathroom is conveniently equipped with a hairdryer and amenities.
Free WiFi is available.
Banquet and meeting facilities are also available.
Breakfast and dinner are available on request for a surcharge.
Brest Central Train Station is 2.5 km from the property.
Massage treatments can be booked, and guests can also make the most of the Finnish sauna and gym facilities.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
The private bathroom includes free toiletries.
Mendelsohn-Bartholdy-Park Underground Station on the U2 line is within a 10-minute walk.
Tea and coffee making facilities are also included.
Every room has a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The tour desk can offer tips for getting around the area.
It has a 24-hour front desk and free Wi-Fi, which is available throughout the property.
There is free shuttle service at the property.
Buffet breakfast is served every morning.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The trendy guestrooms of Shaoxing SSAW are tastefully decorated with a Chinese touch.
Free private parking is also available on site.
There is a full kitchenette with a microwave and oven.
Some rooms have a French balcony.
Guests can enjoy free all-day tea and coffee on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
You can enjoy sea view from the room.
The Ancient Theatre of Ohrid is set 200 metres away and Samoil's Fortress can be reached in 400 metres.
El Dorado International Airport is 12 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
Free WiFi, free private parking and a breakfast buffet are featured at this hotel.
There is a separate children swimming pool, as well as an extensive garden area for children to play.
Chinggis Khaan International Airport is 12 km away.
You will find a kettle in the room.
It offers spacious rooms and a peaceful nature surrounding.
All rooms are fitted with a TV.
Upon request, guests can be provided with packed lunches to take away.
The private bathroom has a shower.
The closest airport is Los Angeles International Airport, which is 32.7 km from the property.
Taxis are available just outside the property.
At Casa da Vera you will find a shared kitchen.
Free private parking and free WiFi are available.
The hotel is a 5-minute walk from Voronezh Central Bus Station.
Hot Park Water Park is 28 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
There is a selection of restaurants in Viveiro.
Each apartment has two bathrooms equipped with either a bath tub or shower.
Simple Indonesian breakfast will be served in the room.
This hotel is 22 minutes’ bus drive away from Los Angeles International Airport.
The restaurant serves international cuisine.
The hotel also has its own barbecue hut.
Kitchens include a stove, coffee maker and fridge.
The coast, with its beautiful beaches, is just 6 km form the Galleppa Masseria.
Free private parking is provided on site.
Airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Riccione is 9 km from the property, while Rimini Airport is 10 minutes’ drive away.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Free parking is also available upon request.
Strasbourg is just a 30-minute drive away.
It features a concierge, a garden and a souvenir shop. Free parking is available.
Every room has a shared bathroom.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Nightly entertainment is available at Missing-Link.
All rooms have a refrigerator and tea and coffee making facilities.
Guests can enjoy wine and Armagnac brandy tasting lessons, which are organised by the residence’s owner.
There is an equipped kitchen with an electric kettle and a dining table.
All the rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, a seating area and air conditioning.
The Austrian border can be reached within 5 km.
Free private parking is available on site.
Bay View is a short walk from local taverns, bars and a mini market.
There is also a bar with live piano music.
Špalíček and Cheb Castle can both be reached within 200 metres.
It is located in the centre of Walsrode.
Boci Apartments also includes a sun terrace.
All rooms are smoke free.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
The rooms of Degirmenli Konak Hotel include a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
A refrigerator and coffee machine are also featured.
Other facilities like ski storage are offered.
A bus connects you to Ora Train Station, 24 km away.
The famous St Thomas Church is 4 km from the guest house.
Every morning a breakfast made with local produce is served.
Free private parking is also available on site.
Brindisi-Salento Airport is 1 hour's drive away.
All suites are equipped with a safe and kitchenette with refrigerator.
The property features the Terrazza GastroBar restaurant.
Guests can enjoy mountain view and pool view from all the rooms.
Please note: In case of good snow conditions, the house is accessible on skis.
Bicycle and car rental are available on site.
Guests can relax in the spa bath of their private studio.
Linen, towels and bathrobes are available free of charge.
La Spezia is 8 km from the Luciana, while Galileo Galilei Airport is 57 km away.
The hotel offers an airport shuttle and cozy rooms with tile floors.
Offering indoor pool, Holiday home Tunvej Ebeltoft X is located in Ebeltoft.
The sophisticatedly decorated rooms are air-conditioned and fitted with modern furniture.
A shopping centre is found near Grand La Strada-Kassel's vielseitige Hotelwelt.
Rooms are equipped with satellite TV and a private bathroom.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guest rooms in this Mercure hotel are contemporary in style and décor.
Standard amenities include a coffee maker, work desk and cable TV with HBO channels.
Guests can also order room service, or enjoy light meals at the snack bar.
For convenience, guests have the use of a fully equipped kitchen.
Ingolstadt is 30 km away.
The nearest airport is Lien Khuong Airport, 22 km from Thang Loi 2 Hotel.
The apartments are non-smoking and there is a 24-hour front desk.
Breakfast is available in the hotel's buffet restaurant.
At Cuong Thanh Hotel, guests can approach the staff for assistance with luggage storage and laundry services.
It boasts a rooftop pool, gym and spa.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided.
Rooms at the Mansion Alcazar are tastefully decorated with antique wood furnishings.
Okhotny Ryad Metro Station is 500 metres away.
The guest house is less than a mile from Blackpool Tower and Blackpool Pleasure Beach.
This apartment comes with 2 bathrooms and can accommodate up to 7 guests.
Free parking is available at the property.
The Seasons Villas are elegantly furnished and decorated in soft tones.
Offering an outdoor pool, Waterhouse Guest Lodge in Waterkloof is located in Pretoria.
Lighthouse Bungalows is 30 minutes’ drive from Thongsala Pier.
The motel is 15 minutes’ drive from Fort Yargo State Park and 37.1 km from Athens city centre.
At Cabañas Punta Gruesa guests will find a communal sauna.
The resort has meeting facilities and BBQ facilities.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning, and the coffee shop is open throughout the day.
The bus ride takes only 20 minutes.
Murcia-San Javier Airport is 17 km from the property.
The kitchenette features a microwave.
All apartments and studios provide a terrace or a patio with mountain or garden views.
The fully-equipped kitchen has a dishwasher, coffee machine and oven.
There is free pickup from the Warrnambool train or bus terminal.
Hotel Begonias - Chiclayo features free WiFi throughout the property.
The cable car to Isola Bella island is a 3-minute walk away.
Tournus Train Station is a 5-minute walk away.
It is 6.5 kilometers from Lake Halbert Park.
Room service is available.
It features an outdoor seasonal swimming pool with sun loungers.
The hotel has a 24-hour front desk and launderette facilities.
Relax in your elegant room, tastefully decorated with rich fabrics and paintings.
A supermarket, restaurants and bars can be found within 100 metres
It features an outdoor swimming pool and a children’s playground.
The house also has a barbecue.
Discounts may apply for stays of 5 nights or longer.
Hiking and bike routes can be found right next to the house.
La Suite du Marché aux Fleurs offers self-catering accommodation in Montpellier historical centre.
Landhotel Kolb also has a restaurant with a summer terrace and a buffet area.
Staff at the 24-hour reception can attend to guests’ requests.
A complimentary airport transfer service is provided.
This property is 1.8 km from the Władysławowo Train Station.
Apartments in Diplomat also includes an outdoor pool.
The guest house also offers free use of bicycles.
The 24-hour reception includes a tour desk.
St. Gabriel's Church is a 10-minute walk away.
Royal Golf Club des Fagnes is 15 minutes away by car.
Free WiFi is available, together with free private parking.
It is a 12-minute drive from Byron Bay.
On-site parking is free in the parking garage or in the car park behind the hotel.
Agroturismo Coñico sells seasonal organic produce.
Edinburgh Airport is 48 km away.
Free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception are available.
All rooms come with city views.
Set around a bright interior courtyard, rooms at Hotel Molino de Saydo have traditional Spanish décor.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
A ground-floor apartment can be rented separately at Gardabær Villa.
The en suite bathroom includes a bathrobe and slippers.
The property has a private beach area and free use of bicycles is available.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is 9 km from the property.
Columbia Regional Airport can be reached in 15 minutes’ drive.
Cattolica can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
A TV is featured.
They are equipped with a safety deposit box and a ceiling fan.
It is close to shops, bars, restaurants and a shopping centre.
Wi-Fi is provided free of charge in the entire property.
You can enjoy mountain view and garden view.
Restaurants and shops can be found a short-drive away.
The property offers free parking.
The nearest mini-market can be found within a 3-minute walk away.
Albergo Castello is located in San Leo town centre.
Guesthouse Balykchy features free WiFi throughout the property.
Lanzarote Airport is 67 km away.
The hotel provides a 24-hour front desk and a restaurant.
WiFi is available for a surcharge.
An airport transfer from/to Sofia International Airport is available on request.
An airport shuttle is available upon request.
The bright rooms of the 2A Hostel are furnished in a contemporary style.
The TV lounge has a fireplace and cable access.
U-Tapao International Airport is located 24 km away.
Free WiFi is available in specific areas in the lobby.
With free Wi-Fi throughout, it is just 20 minutes’ walk from Dog’s Bay Beach.
On-site parking is free.
The hotel also offers free use of bicycles.
Other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
There is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with a microwave and fridge.
The restaurant offers typical dishes prepared with fresh and top quality products.
The property offers free parking.
A microwave, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
It has attractive rooms with free WiFi and cable TV.
Pasifika Museum is 3.1 km away.
Pension Karner is located in Mittenwald.
You will find a shared lounge and shops at the property.
Certain rooms feature a view of the garden or a fireplace.
A traditional wood oven and barbecue facilities are also provided.
Extras include bed linens and a fan.
It is also 20 minutes by car from Buenos Aires city's centre.
Girona, with its train station and airport, is 40 minutes’ drive away.
Up to 2 children (15 years and under) stay free when sharing with parents.
Extras include ironing facilities and a fan.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Apartment Centro Chamberí .
There also is a vending machine providing hot and cold drinks.
Free WiFi is available on site.
It is just 1 km from Gir Forest National Park.
The property offers free parking.
The Viana do Castelo centre is 6.5 km away, while Rodanho Beach is 2.8 km away.
It features a small wellness area with a steam bath and sauna.
Royal Westmoreland Golf Course is a 10-minute drive from 115 Port St.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
Tbilisi Airport is 15 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
Kansas City Airport is 82 km away.
The bathroom has a bath and includes a hairdryer.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
The nearest city, Hvide Sande, is within 7 km.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Laundry service is available here.
A flat-screen TV is available.
A covered parking is available on site, at extra charge.
Thawee Grand Mansion is located 2 kms from Ubon Ratchathani Airport and Robinson Department Store.
Rooms are tastefully furnished and free WiFi access is available throughout the hotel.
Clube dos Caçadores attraction is 4 km away, while Lagoa do Bonfim Yate Club is within 3 km.
Free WiFi and free private parking are available on site.
All units include a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave.
Phuket Airport is a 1-hour drive away.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit.
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
There is a shared guest lounge and a shared fully equipped kitchen.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Other facilities at Villa Levanda include a barbecue.
The free ski bus stops next to the building.
Simferopol’ is 39 km from Kedr Guest House.
Each one has a private bathroom with a shower.
Hong Kong International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
Special diet menus can also be prepared for lunch and dinner.
Lomamaja Pekonen Apartments are 75 km from Kittilä Airport.
The front desk is open throughout the day and its staff can arrange in-room meals for guests.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar and restaurant.
It offers a fully equipped kitchen and a garden terrace.
Candolim is 38 km from TripThrill Dona Rosa Apartment, while Anjuna is 46 km from the property.
Moradia Cuco includes 3 double bedrooms and a twin bedroom.
Hotel Oceano also boasts its own restaurant, specializing in seafood and international cuisine.
Moomba is a casual beachfront restaurant offering tapas and a place to dance.
Walking trails to the Gran Sasso mountain start from the property.
The rooms have a private bathroom.
All units have a kitchenette equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
Zahara de los Atunes has a range of cafés, bars and restaurants.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
The train station is just 1 km away.
Set in a beautiful park, this guest house is 800 metres from Véu de Noiva waterfall.
Each also has a kitchenette, and comes with a microwave and a fridge.
The house is 10 minutes' walking from city centre, shopping, bars and restaurants.
The private bathrooms comes with a bathtub or a shower and hairdryer.
Extras include a desk, bed linen and ironing facilities.
All rooms are equipped with TV, telephone, and en suite bathroom.
The property offers free parking.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can enjoy a balcony with mountain views.
Access to A7 Motorway is 18 km away.
A public swimming pool, restaurants and cafés are within a 5-minute walk of the hotel.
A cable TV is featured in each air-conditioned guest room at Town Chalet Motel.
The Vega is 200 metres from a bus stop linking with Verona and Trento.
Guests benefit from terrace and a barbecue.
The bathroom comes with free toiletries.
The hotel also serves as an ideal base for exploring the stone-built villages of Mani.
The property has rooms fitted with modern furnishings and beddings.
It offers an outdoor pool and free WiFi access in all public areas.
Rollins College is 5 miles from the hotel.
Dalaman Airport is a 45 minutes’ drive away.
The Will Holiday Inn is located in Dali Ancient Town.
Each room here will provide you with a satellite TV and a fridge.
Room guests can prepare meals in the shared kitchen.
Camping des Hautes Grées is set 3 km from the centre of Erquy and the beach.
An array of activities are offered in the area, such as golfing, windsurfing and diving.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
The restaurant AstroMundo features international, Mexican and Spanish cuisine.
Free WiFi access is available in some of the rooms.
Right on Terceira beach, this guest house is surrounded by tropical gardens.
A restaurant and tennis courts are within 500 metres.
The property offers free parking.
Aurora University is 6 miles from this hotel.
A breakfast buffet is available in the stylish dining room with a fireplace.
The private bathrooms have free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Batumi Train Station is 7 km from the property, while Batumi Airport is 9 km away.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The property offers free parking.
It features a sauna and a private parking. Free Wi-Fi is provided in all areas.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The all-you-can-eat breakfast includes traditional cooked items, including vegetarian sausages.
For convenience, a business centre is provided.
A public swimming pool is just a short walk away.
Paris - Orly Airport is 11 km away.
At Spinnaker House you will find a courtyard garden.
The surrounding area is also ideal for hiking and canoeing.
Several restaurants can also be found within 3 km of the property.
There is also an electric kettle.
Innsbruck Airport is located 28 km away.
Guests can enjoy a coffee and newspaper in the bar which overlooks the Atlantic Ocean.
Bathrobes and ironing facilities are included.
Also laundry and ironing services can be arranged on request.
Room service is available 24/7.
It is composed of a kitchen, separate living room with dining area and sofa bed.
At Days Inn Bar Harbor you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Free private parking is provided on site.
Shanghai Jiangtian Hotel is located close to Huangpu River, 1 km from Metro Line 7.
Free on-site parking is provided.
Each has a private bathroom and a seating area, as well as a safe and work desk.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A 10-minute drive from d’Penjor Seminyak leads to Petitenget Beach and Seminyak Square.
Each room includes a satellite flat-screen TV, fan and wardrobe.
Guided visits can be organised on daily basis.
Free WiFi is available .
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
There is a private bathroom with a bath in every unit.
At The Lodge at Lake Laberge you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace. Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Hairdryers are also available on request.
Set on a hilltop, Blue Studio offers a quiet location in the Morena district of Gdańsk.
All of the contemporary rooms feature satellite TV.
The GuestHouse Inn and Suites provides guests with a continental breakfast.
Villas with private pools are also available.
The hotel has a sun terrace and sauna, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
The Freizeitpark Zillertal Arena leisure centre can be reached on foot in 10 minutes.
Salta City is 22 km from La Caldera and the local airport is 34 km away.
The hotel offers bicycle rental and a packed lunch service.
Relaxation options include a sauna, massage chairs and a hot tub.
Hotel Colosseum & Spa features free WiFi throughout the property.
The property offers free parking.
The hostel offers shared kitchen facilities and plenty of common areas are featured.
The apartments looks out onto both the sea and the river.
The property features an on-site mini-market and daily maid service.
The property offers a terrace and BBQ-facilities.
This air-conditioned apartment provides a patio and a flat-screen TV.
They are simply decorated and provide basic bed linen.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bidet.
Valdosta State University is 3 miles from the hotel.
All rooms offer garden views.
Szklarska Poręba is 18 km from Hotel Britz, while Świeradów-Zdrój is 21 km away.
A fish cleaning house is provided.
The town of O Grove is a 5-minute drive away, while Sanxenxo is 20 km from the hotel.
The nearest airport is Astana International Airport, 12 km from Apartments on Severnoe Siyanie.
Ideally located, apartments are a 20-minute walk from Plaza Catalunya and Ramblas.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
The nearest supermarket is 2 km from the apartments.
The hotel has various shared lounges, including a TV lounge.
Additionally, there is a bar and a restaurant serving local specialities at the property.
Each of the rooms at the guest house comes equipped with a satellite TV and a private bathroom.
Parking is free on site.
Each room is individually decorated and includes a TV with DVD player and a hairdryer.
Krabi Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
Some units feature a dining area and/or terrace.
The property provides free private parking, and is located a 15-minute walk from the sea.
Free of charge, guests have access Wi-Fi and private parking 70 m from hotel.
Additional services offered by the hotel include a 24-hour reception desk and luggage storage.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Tour arrangements can be made at the travel desk.
The apartment offers free private parking on-site
Las Americas International Airport is a 25-minute drive away.
At Gera Panoramica you will find a terrace.
It is set in a residence with swimming pool and wellness centre.
The unit is 1.1 km from King's House on Schachen.
The nearest lift of the Großglockner Ski Area is a 5-minute drive away.
A range of massages and cosmetic treatments is also available here.
Meeting rooms and function halls are available on site.
Palma de Mallorca Airport is located 21 km away.
The units feature a bedroom, a TV, a kitchenette, and a bathroom fitted with a shower.
The Louisiana Art and Science Museum is a 10-minute drive away.
The private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
Luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
A spacious bathroom features a hairdryer.
Guests are offered modern rooms complete with free WiFi access.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The town of Corfu is 12 km away.
Free WiFi is available in some rooms.
They have a balcony or terrace overlooking the mountains and the Hochzeiger ski region.
Guests have access to a communal kitchen.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
Laundry facilities are also available.
You can enjoy mountain view and garden view from the room.
Free Wi-Fi is included.
There is also a private bathroom with shower.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is 7.3 km away.
Meals can be served on the terrace during the summer.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave, toaster and refrigerator. A stovetop and kettle are also featured.
You can enjoy city view.
Free private parking is available on site.
At The Oasis you will find a restaurant.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is 8 km from the property.
Rooms here will provide you with a seating area. Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Ocean City Municipal Airport is 10 minutes’ drive.
Van Airport is 175 km away.
Bed linen is provided.
Guests can enjoy free coffee served in the lobby.
Only 600 metres from Musée des Beaux Arts, the apartment is 2 km from Tête d’Or Parc.
The rooms also have ironing facilities.
Rascioni & Cecconello offers free parking.
The kitchen includes a fridge, coffee maker, oven kettle and hob.
Free WiFi is available at the property.
Some suites may have a flat-screen TV.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
This charming hotel also offers a garden and a terrace.
Chichén-Itzá is 35 minutes’ drive away.
There is a restaurant, with outdoor dining facilities.
Many restaurants and bars are reachable within a short walk from the property.
There is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
An LCD TV, iPod docking station and CD player come as standard.
Free on-site parking is available.
Each room at Pesa includes ash wooden furniture and parquet floors.
Featuring a balcony, the accommodation features a seating and dining area.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Guests can also enjoy free WiFi, a restaurant and a bar.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
The Kirishima Jingu Shrine is a 12-minute drive away, and it takes a 1-hour drive to Kagoshima Airport.
They also offer an airport shuttle service.
Zadar is 25 km away.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Completely refurbished in 2008, amenities include air conditioning and LCD TVs.
The hotel offers authentic units with free Wi-Fi.
Free private parking is available on site.
Extras include a washing machine.
Each apartment includes a seating area, dining area and a fully-equipped kitchenette.
Staff at the on-site tour desk can assist with travel and sightseeing bookings.
The rooms have a flat-screen TV. Certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
All units have a satellite flat-screen TV.
Bed linen and towels are included.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
All suites have been carefully designed, ranging from 38 m2 to 80 m2 in size.
The Uffizi Gallery is 2.5 km away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.
Transfers to/from the Zagreb airport, which is 19 km away, are available on request.
500MB of free WiFi is provided daily.
The property offers free parking and there is free WiFi available throughout.
A children's playground is also available.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and outdoor pool.
Located on Krnovo mountain, Hotel Vucje enjoys quiet surroundings 19 km from Niksic village center.
The Atta Market and GIP Mall are a 10-minute walk.
There is also a kitchen in some of the units, fitted with a microwave.
At the Missori reception is open 24 hours a day.
The property offers free private parking, and is located 9 km from Fidenza.
The Seattle Marriott Airport features 3 restaurants.
Popular meals from the Hungarian cuisine can be tasted at the restaurant.
Thermal and Wellness Bath is located 4.5 km from the Balog apartment.
Some include a sofa bed and balcony.
In addition, within a 5-minute walk, guests will find plenty of dining options serving as well as bars and cafés.
The nearest train station is reachable within 2 km.
The Szilvásvárad Train Station is 600 metres away.
The hotel offers an indoor pool, hot tub and mountain views.
The peaceful surroundings are sure to relax and unwind you during your stay.
A local bus stop and a 24-hour grocery shop can both be found within only 20 metres from the property.
Laundry facilities and vending machines are available for added convenience.
The bathroom is private and may come with a shower or a bath.
The reception is open 24 hours a day, helping guests with any information they might need.
A hairdryer, clock radio and ironing facilities come standard in each comfortable room.
All of them have TV sets and DVD players.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The accommodation is provided with a TV, a DVD-player, a terrace and a dining table.
The property has a private beach area where they can get free non-alcoholic drinks.
There is a vending machine at the property. Luggage storage is available as well.
Cvjetni Square is 11.5 km from Hotel Stella Best Western, while Ban Jelačić Square can be reached in 12 km.
Bayside is situated in Scharbeutz, directly on the beach and the Baltic Sea coast.
Museumplein and public transport stops are within walking distance as well.
It is surrounded by landscaped gardens, and offers spacious rooms with private bathrooms.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
Each room at Hotel Laghetto Viverone Moinhos is air-conditioned and features modern décor.
The nearest airport is Don Mueang International Airport, 18 km from 42 Guest House.
The 24-hour front desk offers safety deposit box and luggage storage services.
This apartment offers a year-round outdoor pool and free WiFi.
There is also two free car parks on site.
Meals can also be provided in the comfort of guests’ rooms.
A grocery shop and a restaurant are both within a range of just 100 metres from the apartment.
Siesta Key Commerce District is 4 km away.
There is also a buffet restaurant and a bar.
Each unit has a private bathroom with a bathtub or a shower.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The hotel’s on-site restaurant serves breakfast for guests’ convenience.
A 2-minute walk from Lan Vien Hotel is Trang Tien Plaza.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage.
You can enjoy a view of Lake Baikal from all the rooms.
Located a 2-minute walk from Marata Kazeya Park in Minsk, TS Apartment features free WiFi.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bidet.
An en suite bathroom offers free toiletries for added convenience.
Other facilities like ski storage are offered at Penthouse Liebelei.
Comfort is situated in Kabardinka.
Private bathroom comes with a bidet.
The nearest airport is Ohrid Airport, 9 km from Villa Nada.
Breakfast can be ordered to the apartment in advance.
Guests can enjoy breakfast made with local organic produce, served in the in the lovely conservatory.
Free private parking is available on site.
The accommodation features a TV. There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a fridge.
It offers wine tasting in the private wine cellar.
Crossroads Mall is 20 minutes’ drive from the motel.
Petitenget Temple is 800 metres from Villa Kayan, while Seminyak Beach is 1 km from the property.
Casa Corte is located 6 km from Xabia and 5 km from La Barranca Beach.
Nevsehir Airport is 42.6 km away.
A flat-screen TV is provided in the living room.
The hotel has 53 simply decorated but comfortable guest rooms.
It only takes 5 minutes’ walk to Chihkan Towers and 10 minutes’ walk to Haianlu Art Street from the property.
The restaurant serves international dishes and well as Serbian specialities, accompanied by a variety of beverages.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The train and international bus stations are 1.4 kilometres from the property.
The hotel also has a sauna.
Angoulême Train Station is a 35-minute drive from the B&B.
At The Royal Pinnacle Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
Restaurants and grocery shops are found within 50 metres of the property.
The village square with shops and taverns is 20 metres away.
Some rooms have a balcony overlooking the Dolomites.
A fully equipped kitchen and a washing machine are provided.
Guests can rent bicycles, relax in the sun beds, and play table tennis and darts.
Best Western Hotel Orchidee is situated in the centre of Aalter.
Free WiFi access is available.
Free WiFi access is available throughout.
Lake City Columbia County Historical Museum is 14 minutes' drive from the property.
The hotel is equipped with a business centre, meeting facilities and a tour desk.
Each room has a seating area and a private bathroom.
The rooms come with air conditioning and a desk.
The Reserve Golf Course is 5.3 miles away.
Some rooms have a private bathroom, while other rooms have shared bathroom facilities.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
All self-catering apartments feature a kitchenette.
Guests will also enjoy flat-screen TVs and MP3 compatible clock radios.
A shower is provided in the bathroom.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven and a microwave.
Within 10 km of the hotel there are 2 separate golf clubs.
Serving Italian cuisine, the nearest dining option is just a 5-minute stroll from the property.
Every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
Galeão International Airport is located 12 km away.
Each modern bedroom has a microwave, fridge and armchair.
Other facilities at Atico del Viktor include a sun terrace.
The holiday home features free WiFi.
The property offers free parking.
There is a public swimming pool and a tennis court just 100 metres away from the hotel.
A 10-minute drive from Pai City is The Quinlins.
This hostel is located in the centre of Kazan, a 15-minute walk from the Qol Sharif Mosque.
The apartment will provide you with cable TV, wooden floors, and a seating area.
The property was renovated in March 2015.
Richard Petty Museum is 13.5 miles away.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
A mini-refrigerator and coffee maker are also included in each room.
Guests have access to a shared swimming pool and a car park.
Girona Airport is just 5 km away.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Rooms include a TV.
The property can offer guided hiking tours for a surcharge.
There is a full kitchenette with an electric kettle.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Bathrooms and toilets are shared.
Pula Airport is 55 km away.
Athinios Port is at 11 km and Santorini International Airport is around 14 km away.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and seating area. There is a full kitchen with a dining table.
Please note that reservation is not possible.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven.
The 24-hour front desk also provides basic business services like fax and photocopying.
Positano is 13 km from the hotel.
The hotel has a number of facilities, including a swimming pool and bowling lanes. It offers free WiFi access.
The charming country house has an outdoor dining area with BBQ facilities.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
East Midlands Airport is 38 km from the property.
The furnishings are modern and elegant.
The rooms have free wired internet and WiFi along with seating areas.
Golf Club Lana is less than 5 km away.
Free parking is available.
This holiday home is 82 km from Billund Airport.
Panama City can be reached in 2 hours by car.
A swimming pool and tennis courts are accessible by car 5 minutes away.
It is 15 minutes' drive from Lignano Sabbiadoro and Lignano Golf Club.
Breakfast can be eaten in the dining room or the charming conservatory.
Breakfast is available in the morning in the Reef Al Lebnani Café.
Cromer Railway Station is 3.2 miles away, while Norwich International Airport is 20 miles away.
Private bathrooms feature a shower.
The air-conditioned house has a kitchenette and a bathroom.
The villa includes a living room with a flat-screen TV and DVD player.
It is possible to arrange pick-up from Les Sagnes Train Station on request.
Budva is 32 km from the property.
Boasting an outdoor pool, Anemones Villas is located in Agios Nikolaos of Mani.
The Suites Kris Aeropuerto have a spacious lounge area equipped with a flat-screen TV.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Cap Cana Marina is 2.2 km from Villa Tatagua, while Playa Juanillo is 3.5 km from the property.
Kuata Resort is a 40-minute boat ride from Blue Lagoon Cave.
The lounge comes with an international satellite TV and a dinner table.
The famous Hawa Mahal is 2.6 km away.
The restaurant offers traditional cuisine with Corsican and seafood specialities.
There is a restaurant area within 200 metres.
The Vilnius Old Town can be reached within a 10-minute walk.
Each sauna has a relaxation room with an open fireplace.
A washing machine, tumble dryer and ironing facilities are provided.
Larger rooms are equipped with a seating area and a safety deposit box.
The apartments also feature a kitchen or kitchenette.
There is a bus stop right outside of the pub with a direct link to the City of Bath.
The Petit is only a 10-minute walk from the Parque Cívico Park.
Aarhus Airport is located 21 km from the property.
Located in Šibenik, Kala Apartments is 4 km from Saint Nicholas Fortress.
Courtyard Bloomingdale offers guests a 24-hour Market and gym.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Vadodara Airport is 8 km.
Breakfast includes fresh croissants and excellent cappuccino.
They all feature carpeted floors and a seating area.
Guests can enjoy a dive in the outdoor swimming pool which is surrounded by tropical gardens with palm trees and flowers.
The bathroom includes bathrobes, slippers and a hairdryer.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
They offer heated accommodation with mountain and garden views.
The hotel reception is located in the Pocket & Bok bookshop.
Private parking spaces are available on site free of charge.
All rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Free WiFi access is available.
There is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with dishwasher.
Fresh coffee and homemade bread are available at Bakery Corner.
The full kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances.
The en suite bathroom has a hairdryer.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 10-minute walk of the hotel.
Extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Free toiletries are also available.
Close by lies Lake Constance, as well as the Swiss and Austrian borders.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with a bidet.
Barcelona Airport is 90 km away.
You can reach the beaches on the Costa del Sol in 45 minutes by car.
Free wireless internet access is available in this holiday home.
Free private parking is available on site.
A grocery shop is situated 100 metres away.
They also come with a private bathroom with a shower.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi.
Bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
The bright rooms of Hotel Drako are decorated with colourful bed linens.
Laundry and ironing services are provided for the convenience of guests.
Eau Claire, Wisconsin is 25 minutes’ drive from the property.
Due to its central location, the Regina is surrounded by several dining options.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Please note that the hotel does not accept anyone under the age of 18 years.
Both historic Windsor and Ascot’s Racecourse can be reached within a 30-minute drive.
Diklo Beach offers various sports facilities.
Haikou Meilan Airport is 30 km away.
The hotel is 1.5 km from Ben Thanh Market and the Reunification Palace.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, ceiling fan and a balcony.
Ukhta Airport is 5 km away.
The town of Oberkirch is 17 km away, while it is 25 km to the French border.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is offered.
Laundry with dry cleaning service is available.
En suite bathrooms come with hot and cold shower facilities.
This property set in a typical building of Salento area has a paved terrace.
Free private parking is possible on site.
A breakfast buffet is served daily.
This self-catering accommodation features free Wi-Fi.
The top of the Zugspitze mountain is 5 km away.
All tents feature a private en suite bathroom with solar-heated hot water.
A shuttle service to and from Rockhampton Airport, which is 45 kilometres away, is available.
It takes 45 minutes to drive to Tianjin Binhai International Airport.
All rooms have a flat-screen TV.
Each 2-bedroom apartment has a living room with a sofa, TV and DVD player.
In fine weather, meals are also served on the panoramic terrace which overlooks the surrounding mountains.
Kitchenette facilities and dining area are also provided.
Free WiFi access is available and the accommodation will provide guests with a TV, and a seating area.
Breakfast is offered daily in the dining area or in the guests’ rooms.
Most rooms have a view of the garden.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a seating area.
Free parking is available at Casa do Condado de Beirós.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower.
For more dining options, there are several Korean and Asian restaurants within a 10-minute drive away.
Indian Wells Resort guests have access to the private course.
Villafranca Airport is 12 km away from Holiday Verona.
Aegeopelagitika Beach is 2 km away and Thessaloniki Airport is located 90 km from the accommodation.
Hummeren 117 is located in Ebeltoft. The property can accommodate up to 5 persons.
The Path of the Gods passes 60 metres away.
Other facilities at Sun Lake B Holiday Home 4107 include an outdoor pool.
Shops are a 5-minute walk from Apartment Gvardeyskoy.
DVDs and a safe can be rented at reception.
Free WiFi is available.
Ferienwohnung Domus Vini offers free WiFi and a fully equipped kitchen.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, daily housekeeping and a shared lounge. The property offers free parking.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a fridge.
The nearest airport is Avignon-Provence Airport, 9 km from Hotel Boquier.
Rooms come with a private or shared bathroom.
Free private parking is available on site.
All guests can enjoy panoramic mountain views from their south-west facing balcony.
The hotel also provides bike rental, tour and ticketing services.
The restaurant serves European and Russian cuisine.
Free private parking is available on site.
Theodore Roosevelt National Park is 101 km from Riverside Inn.
There is a cinema theatre 500 metres away.
Palace of Republic is 200 metres from Apartments on Internatsionalnaya 15.
Manfredonia Beaches can be reached by car in about 25 minutes.
Free WiFi access is available.
A business centre is also available.
A meeting space is available.
The owners can help with car and bike rentals.
WiFi as well as private parking can be provided upon an additional cost.
Wroclaw – Copernicus Airport is 56 km away.
Varna is a 50-minute drive away, and free parking is available close to the hotel.
Maiskogel Cable Car is 1 km away.
It has a green garden.
Holiday home Grønnevænget V offers a whirlpool.
The property is 10 km from Porto Seguro centre and its bus station.
There is a lift and a ski storage in the complex.
In-room dining is also possible with room service.
Taste delightful cuisine in the stylish restaurant and unwind out on the terrace.
Guests use shared external toilets and showers.
The Sihanoukville Airport is a 25-minute drive away.
Old Town Square with the Orloj Astronomical Clock can be reached within 2 km, whilst the Charles Bridge is 2.5 km away.
It offers spacious accommodation with rental bicycles and free WiFi.
Guests can cook their own meals in the apartment’s kitchen.
The city of Girona with its picturesque old town is 45 km away from Can Blanc.
This self-catering studio offers free Wi-Fi.
Select rooms also offer a separate living room area.
Private bathrooms come with hot/cold showers.
citizenM Tower of London is located directly above Tower Hill Underground Station.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a fridge and a stovetop.
Holiday home Slettevej Vejby XII is located in Vejby.
You can walk along the canals or sit down in one of the many cafés and restaurants for a drink or meal.
La Boheme B&B and Self Catering has a lounge with fireplace.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Central Columbia, Missouri, can be reached in 23 minutes’ drive.
The soundproofed guest rooms are equipped with a minibar and a flat-screen TV.
Each villa is fitted with a private plunge pool and BBQ facilities.
Airport shuttles can be arranged for surcharge.
Rio de Janeiro/Galeao International Airport is 15,5 km away.
All rooms have cable TV, a balcony and a private bathroom with shower.
Guests can also use the laundry facilities on site.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the property.
It provides a cable TV and safety deposit boxes.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony. There is also a coffee machine.
Wi-Fi and parking are available for free.
These condominiums are located right in the center of the charming Rocky Mountain town of Canmore.
Guests can rejuvenate with a workout at the well-equipped fitness centre.
Bussara Restaurant offers Thai, Chinese and International cuisines.
Guests will find a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker.
Restaurants and a supermarket are 1 km away.
Ferienwohnung Bacharach offers a fully equipped kitchen, and a terrace.
The Firenze lies 5 km from Bordighera Train Station.
The nearest airport is Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport, 42 km from the property.
Naarismaa Holiday Home is a holiday home located in Tahkuranna, 16 km from Pärnu.
A variety of dining options can be reached nearby within walking distance.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling.
This property is 59 km on waterway from Tulcea.
The hotel has 2 terraces and meals can be enjoyed on one of them in good weather.
The guest house makes the ideal base for skiing trips on Kreuzberg Mountain.
Other area activities include golfing and fishing.
Guest House Jam features free WiFi throughout the property.
Other facilities at Apartment in El Cortijo include a year-round outdoor pool.
At Tayal Tour & Travels you will find a garden.
At the Villa Di Capitignano B&B you can start the day with a typical Italian breakfast.
Alternative breakfast options include grilled mackerel, omelette, and kippers.
The rooms at Hotel Carayon present cosy and functional spaces.
At Hotel Rahi you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
Free bottle of mineral water and newspapers are offered.
Aqaba View Hotel features free WiFi throughout the property.
Some offer views of the Adriatic Sea and most include a balcony.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Welcoming guests with a private beach area, Guest House Tomcuk is located in Kotor.
You can enjoy city view.
It features cosy rooms with garden views and free Wi-Fi.
A hot breakfast buffet is offered each morning.
Each room comes with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
There are two private bathrooms with a shower each.
Guests can also use a shared living room with coffee and tea amenities free of charge.
A TV is featured.
Melville Turret Guesthouse is 30 minutes’ drive from O.R. Tambo International Airport.
Guests can make use of the fax and photocopying facilities to catch up with their last-minute work. Car rentals are available for those explorers.
Grooms Park is 8 minutes' drive away.
Offering an on-site restaurant with a terrace, Lenape Heights Golf Resort is located in Ford City, Pennsylvania.
Surrounded by lush gardens, the villa offers views of the Theban Mountains and the greenery.
The property offers an outdoor pool, a tennis court and an on-site restaurant.
Hotel Amico is 50 metres from the sea and the pine wood in Pinarella di Cervia.
Guests can use the Courtyard Dresden's body&soul spa.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
The property is 5 km from Ban Cha-am Railway Station and 5.3 km from Maruekkhathaiyawan Palace.
Cable TV is included in each room at the Baymont Inn and Suites San Marcos.
The Fort Lauderdale Convention Center is 19.5 miles from the hotel.
Each offers free on-site parking and a private balcony.
Several flea markets are in the direct surroundings of the bed and breakfast.
Barbecue facilities are on-site and a private entrance is available for guest convenience.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with an oven and refrigerator.
Bicycles are available for guest use.
It features Gaudí-style architecture and offers an outdoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities.
A village shuttle bus operates free of charge in winter.
Guests can relax on furnished balconies and patios overlooking the sea or the garden.
Some also have a balcony.
Complete with an electric kettle, the dining area also has a dining table.
Skhidnitsa is 39 km from Maxim Hotel, while Slavske is 70 km away.
All the rooms will provide you with a wardrobe, a fan and parquet floor.
Wired internet access is available for free.
Offering a restaurant, İğneada Resort Palivor Çiftliği is located in Avcılar.
Tossa de Mar Beach, along with its shops and bars, is about 350 metres away.
A washing machine is available for surcharge.
Guests can find many bars and restaurants within a 5-minute walk.
On the other side of the park, you will find the Hanover Zoo.
Some rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
Further facilities include air-conditioning, a TV and a seating area.
Some room types also comes with a seating area and ironing facilities.
Some rooms come with views overlooking the vineyard.
The hotel’s restaurant serves European and Morroccan dishes.
All rooms are equipped with a TV. Certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
The closest restaurant is 50 metres away, while several shops can be found within a 5-minute walk.
The Styrian Mountain Golf Mariahof Golf course is 7 km away.
The centre of Cerkno is 4 km away.
A flat-screen TV, as well as a CD player are provided.
Free WiFi is provided on the terrace where the bar is set.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with free toiletries.
Central Valencia is a 40-minute drive away.
Guest can relax on the outdoor dining patio.
At Finca Binietsau you will find a garden and a terrace.
It takes 10 minutes to Wucun Bus Station.
The nearest airport is Valencia Airport, 12 km from Flatsforyou Bed and Bike Marina.
Pulkovo Airport is 20 km away.
Guests benefit from balcony.
There is also a lounge with a gallery which overlooks the square below.
The property includes a garden, barbecue facilities, and an outdoor hot tub.
Guests have views of the surrounding valley from inside the restaurant or out on the terrace.
The property is 7 km from Maquehue Airport.
Every room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Private bathrooms have a shower and towels.
Simferopol Airport is 76.6 km from Holiday Home on Maratovskaya.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this homestay.
Junior Suites offer a living space and lovely views.
You can play table tennis and darts at the house.
Other options can be reached within 1 km.
The nearest airport is Santos Dumont Airport, 8 km from the property.
The apartment will provide you with a cable TV and a terrace.
Museumplein is a 12-minute walk.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
Offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, Praia Mansa Apartaments offers self-catering accommodation.
The nearest airport is Hong Kong International Airport, 24 km from the property.
Umbertide Train Station is 19 km from La Piazzetta.
A toaster and refrigerator are also provided, as well as a kettle.
Many adventures, fun activities and athletic competitions are organised.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
There is a well-equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
The non-smoking property houses a shop and accommodation with free internet access.
Designer toiletries and bathrobes are also included.
Free BBQ facilities are available in the garden, and free WiFi is also provided.
Hotel Xalet La Coromina is located in the centre of the town of Viladrau, in the Montseny Nature Reserve.
Moûtiers is 19 km away and Chambéry-Savoie Airport is 104 km from the property.
It offers an indoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a tour desk.
Inside, the modern apartment features a fully equipped kitchen.
The inn also offers bike hire.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
It offers 4-star rooms and suites.
You can engage in various activities, such as horse riding and cycling.
Mount Amiata is 30 km away, while Grosseto is a 35-minute drive from the property.
Complete with a microwave, the dining area also has an oven and refrigerator.
Offering a terrace and views of the garden, The Mansion 1907 is situated in Mysore, 1.2 km from Mysore Palace.
Air conditioning, a washing machine and dishwasher are available.
Room service and laundry facilities are also available.
The kitchens are equipped with a fridge, tea/coffee maker and there is a dining area.
Free parking is provided.
This hotel is located in the centre of Yekaterinburg, just a 2-minute walk from Dinamo Metro Station.
Within a 350-metre reach, you can find some dining options and a bar.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 11 km from the property.
This motel showcases Mount Shasta views.
The restaurant of Hotel Mina 1 serves an open buffet breakfast.
Free WiFi access is available throughout.
There is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar and nightclub.
Towels are provided.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the Red Beach at 3.2 km.
The nearest airport is Konya Airport, 12 km from the property.
Hamburg Airport is just a 15-minute drive away.
All rooms have free Wi-Fi and a private bathroom.
This air-conditioned apartment has free WiFi and a private balcony.
Guests can also explore the surrounding area for various dining options.
Boryspil Airport is 36 km from the apartments.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Marmaris city centre is only 1.5 km from Tropic Marina.
Free WiFi is featured .
Fitted with tile/marble flooring each room comes with private bathroom.
You will find room service at the property.
Free Wifi is provided throughout the property.
The rooms also offer mountain views and views of the old Medina.
Other services include a currency exchange and tour desk.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Some units also include a kitchenette with cooking rings, where guests can prepare a quick meal.
Nordic Walking, as well as Yoga classes on the hotel’s landing stage, are offered.
Louis Cathedral in New Orleans. Free WiFi access is available throughout the property.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels, as well as an iPod docking station are provided.
Recreational activities include diving, kayaking and night fishing.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
You can start your day with a buffet-style sweet and savoury breakfast.
Santa Teresa is 46 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
Free WiFi Internet access is available throughout.
Guests enjoy free private parking and car rental services.
During the day, you can enjoy refreshing drinks and lights snacks from the pool bar.
The rooms at Hotel Santa Fe Acapulco with basic décor feature a fan and a wardrobe.
The CNN Center is less than 15 miles from the hotel.
The property is 100 metres from Majorelle Gardens and 1 km from Marrakech Plaza.
The nearest airport is Odessa International Airport, 13 km from the property.
This stylish apartment is within 40 minutes' drive from Manchester and 30 minutes’ drive from Leeds.
Lermontovsky Prospekt Metro Station is 6 km away.
Private bathroom has a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Rooms with a private bathroom also include air conditioning.
An oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
This eco-friendly hotel runs on renewable energy only.
Located next to Sé Cathedral, the Historical Lisbon Apartment is in the heart of the Lisbon city centre.
Alternatively, the hotel offers laundry and dry cleaning services.
Free parking is on-site.
There also is a fireplace lounge, where they can relax with a glass of wine.
At La Presidenta you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Each has wooden furnishings and a private bathroom with a shower.
Rooms at this family-run hotel are simple and comfortable.
Al Massira Airport is located 37 km away.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The suites at the Sunprime Atlantic View all have a flat-screen TV and a balcony.
Paraty’s bus station is 1 km away.
The nearest airport is Bolshoye Savino Airport, 13 km from Apartment Baumana 19.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Some rooms offer a balcony.
Some rooms boast picturesque views of the sea.
Bad Waltersdorf and Bad Blumau can both be reached within 20 minutes by car.
Ylä-Saarikko also provides a garden and private beach area.
The property is centrally located in the South Congress district.
The bathroom comes with a shower, corner bath, and washing machine.
Tito Schipa B&B is located in Lecce.
The property offers free parking.
All rooms have a TV.
This one-bedroom apartment is furnished with a corner sofa, a flat-screen TV and air conditioning.
Rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and satellite channels.
Other facilities offered at the property include water sports facilities, a shared lounge and a ticket service.
The nearest airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 70 km from Guest house Nataly.
The kitchen is fitted with a microwave, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
A full breakfast is served on the garden terrace or in the dining room.
Children have access to the hotel's playground.
Dam Square and the Royal Palace are less than 20 minutes’ walk from Hostel Leidseplein.
Wattay International Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
Towels, toiletries and a hair dryer are provided.
Alternatively, a range of local restaurants are located within a 5-minute ride away.
The Spagna Suite apartment is a 10-minute walk from Spagna Metro Stop.
It offers modern guestrooms with free wired internet access and free Wi-Fi.
A 24-hour reception greets guests at this air-conditioned motel.
Towels and linens can be rented for an extra cost.
The large windows offer lovely views.
The property is 26 km from Klaipėda and boasts views of the garden.
The nearest airport is Odessa International Airport, 8 km from Luxury Apartment near Sea.
It features air-conditioned rooms and a garden with gazebo and barbeque.
Posada Haema is located in San Andrés, just a 5-minute drive from the beach.
All are available at an added fee.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Columbus Zoo is 11 miles from the Hilliard Hampton Inn & Suites.
Kayaking and canopy tours are available.
The unit fitted with a kitchen with an oven and microwave.
There are more than 7 golf courses surrounding Edinburgh, and Craigentinny Golf Course is 20 minutes’ walk from the guest house.
Free parking spaces are available on site and a ski bus stop is 200 metres away.
The property offers free parking.
A 42 ́ flat-screen TV with satellite channels is available in the living room.
A golf course is available 4.5 km away on the Brijun Island.
After working in the business centre, guests can play a game of golf at one of the nearby championship courses.
It is conveniently located just a 10-minute drive from Nelspruit city centre.
You can enjoy breakfast, lunch and dinner at nearby restaurants.
Buses to the city centre run from the bus stop, 100 metres away.
There is a full kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator.
All rooms of Blue Marine Hotel are equipped with air conditioning, LCD TV and a refrigerator.
European cuisine is served in the on-ste restaurant, and you can also start your day with a breakfast in the restaurant.
Aquadiver Water Park is just 4 km away.
All rooms have good-sized bathrooms.
Guests at the Villa Christina stay at uniquely styled rooms decorated with wooden beams and ornaments.
Parties can be hosted at the bar located on the second floor.
A 1-minute walk from Sambraid Beach, Dibba Farm is located in Dibba.
Enjoy views across the resort in comfort from the Lima’s rooftop terrace.
You will find luggage storage space at the property.
The property offers free parking.
Chalet du Verney – B01 features 3 separate bedrooms and the bathroom is fitted with a bathtub.
There are many restaurants and bars in the surrounding area.
Munich Airport is 43 km away.
The nearest airport is Paris - Orly Airport, 17 km from Lokappart - Cail.
Helpful staff can offer assistance with shuttle service arrangements.
The private bathrooms are fitted with a bath or a shower.
You can enjoy mountain view and garden view from all the rooms.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
It features a restaurant and bar, an outdoor pool, and free Wi-Fi.
Guests have access to a shared bathroom and outdoor furniture.
The rooms at Pension TTT are simply furnished and include an LCD cable TV.
Guests will find seaside cafés and tavern serving Cretan cuisine within a 2-minute walk.
The guest house is located in the centre of San José where there are shops and restaurants.
The Qutub Minar is 8 km and Lotus Temple is 20 km.
Athena Hotel boasts a host of modern facilities as well as conference facilities.
2 rooms offer a spa pool.
Guests can start their day with a rich buffet breakfast.
Ras Al Khaimah International Airport is 18 km away.
You will find a kettle in the room.
To reach the property you need to climb 100 steps.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with a bidet.
Guests are spoilt for choice with the variety of water sports and outdoor activities offered.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
It features a sauna, and free private parking is provided.
Breakfast is buffet style and includes sweet and savoury items, such as cold cuts and cheese.
Haus Marina also includes a sun terrace.
There is a dining area and a kitchen.
This bright apartment features large windows with impressive ocean views.
A sweet Italian breakfast is included each morning.
Guests can make use of the shared barbecue facilities.
A living room and a balcony are offered in some room types.
Each room at the property is fitted with a TV with cable channels and a refrigerator.
Parking is possible off site with reservation and for an extra fee.
The nearest skate-park is 2 km away.
There are common kitchen facilities. Free parking is provided.
The property offers free parking.
There is also a balcony where guests can enjoy sea views from.
The seaside resort of Forte dei Marmi is 35 km from the property.
Breakfast in the room is possible upon request.
This modern open-space house will provide you with a fireplace, a TV and a terrace overlooking the garden.
Guests are offered accommodation with a flat-screen TV.
The nearest airport is Barcelona El Prat Airport, 24 km from the property.
You can use the spa and fitness area and the pool in the neighbouring hotel free of charge.
The 6th Street entertainment district is 12 miles from the hotel.
Other facilities include a laundry room and luggage storage.
Guests can also enjoy a hearty breakfast each morning.
There is a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven and a microwave.
Linen is included in all rooms.
Aquilon Guest House features free WiFi throughout the property.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Japanese breakfasts and dinners are served at the hotel’s dining room.
Kingman Airport is less than 45 miles from Hualapai Lodge.
Bright and air-conditioned, all guestrooms enjoy views of the city or the sea.
The Goethe houses a small sauna with a lounge area to unwind.
Free guarded private parking is offered.
Kissamos Town is situated 30 km from Blue Pearl Villa.
Other facilities include a tennis table, a football table, a hammock and a library.
A free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi access is available.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and a fridge.
The beautiful Tatra National Park is located only 1 km away.
The property is only steps away from Old Quebec.
Each room includes a private bathroom with a bath and bidet, with bath robes provided.
Hawthorne town centre and Joe’s Tavern Casino Inc are within 6 minutes’ walk away from this motel.
Some suites have a large seating area.
Vending machines with refreshments are available as well.
Guests are also welcome to relax in the sauna and solarium at the apartments.
It offers bed and breakfast accommodation and free WiFi in public areas.
The apartments are fan-cooled and feature seating and dining areas.
Private bathrooms with a shower and a hairdryer are provided.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Benlig Guest House offers accommodation in Salcete.
Every room also comes with a private bathroom fitted with bath or shower.
It is a short walk from the beach and within a 7-minute drive of the nightlife on Bangla Road.
Shared bathrooms can be found in the hallway.
The shops, restaurants and cafés of central Reykjavik are within a 5-minute walk.
Ethos Guest House features free WiFi throughout the property.
All simple rooms are provided with shared bathrooms.
Sea World is located 27.2 km away from the property.
At Sea View Rooms in Hikkaduwa - Budgetary GuestHouse you will find a snack bar.
The nearest airport is Exeter International Airport, 25 km from Mariners Beachside.
Shops and restaurants can be found within 500 m from the house.
The rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
Lakes Region Casino is 10 miles away.
The Marmara serves buffet breakfast in its main restaurant.
Full Irish breakfasts are served every day.
A comfortable seating area with a flat-screen TV and sofa is also included.
Villa Långbers has received guests since the 1930s.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Hua Hin Nightmarket is 12 km away, while Bangkok is 200 km from the hotel.
This hostel is located in the centre of Uzhgorod, a 2-minute walk from Teatralnaya Square.
Each room has a flat-screen TV and an en suite bathroom.
Barcelona is 41 km from Apartamento con encanto, while Lloret de Mar is 26 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Kithira Airport, 28 km from the property.
It also offers an outdoor swimming pool.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
The rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Garden Air Golf Club is a 5-minute drive from Americas Best Value Inn Calimesa.
The accommodation has a flat-screen TV and DVD player.
The air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a fridge and come with toiletries.
The Kremlin is located less than 2 km from the Baikal Hotel.
Alicante Airport is 61 km away.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
Each features a furnished balcony.
Some rooms offer beautiful views of the Aegean Sea.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Doria Bar offers a variety of drinks during the day.
Some of them enjoy nice views of Rodriguez Peña Square.
Free parking is possible nearby.
The Letňany Metro Station (line C) can be reached in a 12-minute bus drive.
The bars offer a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
The bathrooms are fitted with a shower or bath.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the entire hotel.
At Apartment Jelenović D. you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Opening out to a private balcony, rooms are fitted with dark wood furnishings and tea/coffee maker.
La Terrazza restaurant, set on a panoramic terrace, specialises in pizzas and Sardinian dishes.
Bressanone is a 30-minute drive away.
Luggage storage is provided at the 24-hour reception.
Juan Gualberto Gómez Airport is 32 km away.
Sforzesco Castle is 1 km away.
Free internet access is available in all areas.
All rooms have a flat-screen TV and private bathroom.
The nearest airport is Girona-Costa Brava Airport, 54 km from the country house.
Guests have free access to a jetty where they can enjoy fishing.
En suite bathrooms come with free toiletries and shower facilities.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Rooms at the hotel are modern and elegant.
Zakynthos Port is at a distance of 30 km.
Longji Travel Coach Station is located a 55-minute drive away.
Cozy 2 Hotel offers affordable accommodation in an authentic Vietnamese neighbourhood.
José Martí International Airport is 14 km away.
Here, guests can have their meals in warm months.
Free WiFi is featured .
The nearest airport is Varna Airport, 12 km from Apartment Vinitsa.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
All of the Central Inn’s rooms are air conditioned and have private bathrooms with a bathtub.
Guests can relax by the outdoor swimming pool or in the sauna and hot tub.
It also has a tranquil garden terrace.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free WiFi is available.
Free WiFi is available in all rooms.
The rooms in the Los Villares Rural Hotel have cable TV as well as wooden floors.
This apartment offers two twin bedrooms.
Furthermore, each room includes a balcony and Wi-Fi internet access.
In the garden, a seating area is available.
Tivoli Amusement Park is a 10-minute walk away.
The apartment is 2.1 km from Monument to victims of political repression.
A business center and laundry facilities are also available.
Tarragona is 15 km from UHC Mar Augusta Family Complex.
Buffet breakfast is served at the restaurant.
The kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
On weekends, breakfast is served until 12:00 so that you can sleep in and enjoy your room.
The nearest airport is Penza Airport, 14 km from the property.
All villas have a private terrace with a dining area and a barbecue.
Free WiFi is available.
Complimentary coffee and newspapers are available in the lobby for guest convenience.
WiFi is available in public areas for an additional cost.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
The Slovakian border is only 3 km away and Lake Czorstynskie is a 20-minute drive from the accommodation.
Accommodation is provided in 2 adjacent villas, part of the Mediterraneo Complex.
In the summer, breakfast is served in the garden, and an early breakfast is also available.
The nearest airport is Tirana Airport, 27 km from Delta Hotel & Events.
Taksim Square, the heart of Istanbul is an 11-minute walk from this property.
They also have a kitchen equipped with a washing machine, hob, and microwave.
Cottage Saarsilk is located in a peaceful area in Sarzhenka.
Upon reservation, the property provides a free shuttle from Fujisan Station between 15:00 and 17:30.
Ouranoupoli is 30 km away, while Vourvourou is at a distance of 12 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Post 7 - Arpoador and Post 8 - Ipanema 700 metres from this apartment.
Vending machines for drinks and snacks are available.
All rooms feature a balcony with mountain views.
The air-conditioned country house features a terrace with impressive views of the mountains and the village.
Meals may also be delivered to guests’ rooms.
The hostel also offers tour services.
The property is 3.8 km from Emerald Coast Centre and 4.9 km from the Beaches of South Walton.
The rooms at the Centre Hotel feature a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
Laundry facilities are available for guests to use at their convenience.
A wardrobe is featured in all rooms at Akureyri H.I.
This property is 3 km from the seafront and 15 minutes’ walk from Playa Los Muertos Beach.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
There is also an outdoor dining area, and a sitting area with sofa.
The Best Western Le Renoir is ideally situated to enjoy the best parts of town.
Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport is located 52 km from the property.
The restaurant at Hotel Miramar specialises in seafood and fresh fish dishes.
Towels are available.
Use of the kitchen is possible on request.
Salerno Harbour is 1.3 km from Bilocale Masaniello, while Tribunale di Salerno is 1 km away.
Hotel Da'Lia is located in the middle of Jambi Market, surrounded by shops and local eateries.
They offer either sea or garden views.
Ataturk International Airport is 20 km away.
Free parking is located on site.
Pamukkale Travetines and Pamukkale Lake are 750 metres from the property.
Other facilities at Das Reiners include a sun terrace and a lounge with table football and billiard facilities.
Radjen Guesthouse provides guests with a terrace.
At Ayurveda Villa you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a shared kitchen.
Free private parking is available on site.
Frivagten is located in Rudkøbing.
Apartment on Gagarina 2 offers accommodation in Petrozavodsk.
The property has a gym, hot tub and outdoor pool.
A bar is also available at ground floor.
Rooms feature free Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs.
Some offer views of the city.
Free parking is available at the Tagungszentrum Georg Leber Haus.
Luggage storage is provided.
Tennis courts and ATP stadium are 8 km away.
The sandy beach of San Leone is 4 km away.
Free WiFi access is available.
An airport shuttle is available upon request.
Certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Free parking is available.
Each has a kitchen equipped with a hob, washing machine, and microwave.
Relax in the sauna and treat yourself to a buffet breakfast and regional cuisine at the restaurant.
Local restaurants can be found around the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.
Valle Aurelia Train Station is a 5-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport, 28 km from The Old Craft Shop.
On arrival be greeted with a cup of tea or a freshly squeezed juice.
Some rooms have sea views or whirlpool baths.
Rooms at Colors House feature shared bathroom facilities, a kitchenette and a seating area.
Guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast each morning in the breakfast room.
You can enjoy the view of the square from the unit.
Parking is also free at the Giardino Dei Principi Hotel.
The air-conditioned unit is 400 metres from Kalamies Beach.
The beautiful PGE Arena is less than 4 km away from Grand- Tourist Apartment Regent.
Room service is available 24/7.
Hostal Mays is a guest house located in a quiet area between Madrid, Toledo and Aranjuez.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning.
The closer ski slopes are 30 metres away.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
It offers functional rooms with simple furnishings.
You can cook in the shared, fully equipped kitchen.
Free WiFi access is available throughout and guests can relax at the on-site bar.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Children will appreciate the playground with swings and a climbing stand.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and a vending machine.
A 20-minute walk will take you to Velikiy Novgorod’s Train Station.
A full English or continental breakfast is served each morning.
This resort is 65 km from Mae Fah Luang – Chiang Rai International Airport.
Guests can visit Siatista’s wine distilleries, or browse the many fur shops available.
Paphos City is 11 km away.
A free breakfast is served at the lobby on a first-come, first-served basis.
This property has 2 light and spacious rooms.
The rooms at Carlton Hotel feature a marble spa bath.
Free private parking with video surveillance is available on site.
Deluxe Suites is located in Riyadh and offers self-catering accommodation.
You can enjoy sea view and garden view from the room.
All accommodation features a well-equipped kitchen or kitchenette.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Additionally, apartments and studios have a kitchen or kitchenette.
All rooms include a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
It offers free Wi-Fi, a varied breakfast and rustic-style accommodation.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
San Lorenzo Garni’s guests can dine at a special rate at nearby restaurants.
With wooden floors, rooms are bright and airy.
Popular attractions in Göttingen include the Städtisches Museum Göttingen (town museum) and the Deutsches Theater (theatre).
It features an outdoor pool and all-suite accommodation with a full kitchenette and dining area.
Birla Mandir Temple is 3 km from the Atithi Inn. The Charminar Mosque is 6 km away.
Villa Verdemare is 450 metres from the local beaches of Giardini Naxos.
A number of dining options is a short walk away.
Guests enjoy free Wi-Fi access in Heinrichs’ public areas.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
Taverns, restaurants and shops are within a 3-minute walk.
Dijon is a 45-minute drive away and Autun is a 35-minute drive from the hotel.
Perpignan Train Station is a 10-minute drive away and Rivesaltes Airport is 9 km away.
It includes free Wi-Fi in all areas, a fitness centre and a billiards table.
The rooms are decorated by different artists and are themed.
Palace Square is 2.6 km from Apartments Pushkinskiy, while Hermitage Museum is 2.7 km from the property.
The simple bungalow, made of wood, comes with a fan and tiled floors.
Minigolf can also be played for a surcharge.
A guest launderette is located on-site. Free guest parking is available.
The nearest bus station is a 3-minute walk from the property.
Parking is available at the on-site garage, at an extra charge.
Asian and Western buffet meals are available at Garden Bar.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
The kitchen has an oven and a microwave. A flat-screen TV is available.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, a terrace and a seating area.
Bed linen is offered.
Elling Lilia features free WiFi .
Guests can enjoy a panoramic view of the city at Daniel’s terrace.
The A7 motorway is just 3.5 km away.
Some rooms have furnished balconies with city views.
There is also a beach taverna with snacks during the day.
The bathroom is complete with a bath or shower.
The rooms are tastefully decorated in soft colours to create a warm setting.
Guests staying more than 7 days can take advantage of free airport transfers.
All rooms at Grastenhus Bed & Breakfast have access to a communal living room and a shared kitchen with all facilities.
All units feature a seating and dining area.
Krabi River View Hotel features comfortable rooms with air conditioning.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are available upon request.
A restaurant and shops, as well as a tennis court and bowling facilities are reachable within a 2-minute walk.
The bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
The nearest airport is Varna Airport, 31 km from Villa Nicolas Balchick.
A TV is available.
Each room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a TV with cable channels.
The unit fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and fridge.
You can start the day with a rich breakfast in the garden.
Quimper is a 40-minute drive away.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
The bus stopping in front of the hotel provides links to Brunico.
It features an outdoor pool, a terrace and views of the surrounding mountains.
Pescara is reachable by car in 50 minutes.
Celebration Golf Club is 5 minutes' drive away from the holiday home.
Brockton Country Inn & Suites is 2 miles from Fuller Craft Museum and Waldo Lake.
The Bone Chapel is within a 5-minute walk, as well as Dom Manuel Palace.
Each room at Hotel Panda has carpeted floors and central heating.
Rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
The property features a restaurant, which offers traditional dishes from the Valtellina.
Shower facilities are in an en suite bathroom.
Various restaurants can be found in the vicinity.
The Henry B. Gonzalez-San Antonio Convention Center is 18 miles away.
The bathroom is private with a shower or tub.
Guests will be 4 minutes’ walk from La Plaza Mall and 1 mile from McAllen Country Club.
All apartments offer sea views from their furnished balcony or terrace.
The property also offers free parking.
Situated in Paris, Saint Germain offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi.
It features a terrace and free WiFi throughout.
For those who wish to catch up with their last-minute work, fax and photocopying facilities are provided.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Breakfast includes homemade cakes, local cheese and ham.
Reception at the Goncharov Hotel is open 24/7.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
Elvetia is centrally located in Panagia, just a 5-minute drive from the Golden Beach.
The three bathrooms come with a shower.
Airport transfers and car rental can be arranged on site.
Tbilisi International Airport is 17 km away.
Room service is also available.
Verona Airport is 47 km away.
The Nietzsche House is a 10-minute walk.
A grocery shop is 50 metres from Moncherie Studio Rooms, while the nearest green market is 500 metres away.
Set in London, this apartment is 900 metres from Oxford Street.
All rooms include a comfortable furnished living room and modern bathroom.
Enjoy cosy apartment accommodation right on the ski slopes.
Flagey Square with its many bars and restaurants is 700 metres away.
Dine at the hotel's Jetty Restaurant and enjoy drinks at HarBAR, the hotel's contemporary cocktail bar.
Los Cristianos is 11 km from Green Park, while Adeje is 16 km away.
Some rooms have a spa bath, and all offers mountains view.
The property is 3 km from Savudrija and 6 km from Umag.
Waldhotel Fletschorn is located in a secluded spot just outside Saas Fee.
The property offers free WiFi access in the unit and private parking on site.
Leone X Guest House is just 200 metres from the Fortezza da Basso Conference Centre in Florence.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
A small refrigerator, coffee-making facilities and a work desk are included.
There is a 24-hour front desk and hairdresser's at the property.
The air-conditioned rooms all come with a flat-screen TV and some have a terrace.
The nearest grocery shop and a bakery are only 100 meters away.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a games room.
Golf Club Conero Sirolois 3 km away.
Others offered at the property include luggage storage.
Pullman Hostel offers accommodation in Syktyvkar.
The beach is 25 metres away.
The nearest airport is Moscow Domodedovo Airport, 21 km from the property.
Parking is free next to Ærenpris 71.
Also on offer are rooms with a kitchenette and microwave for self-catering.
A desk and full-length mirror is also included.
There is a fully equipped kitchen at the villa where guests can prepare their meals.
The hotel is located within a 14-minute drive from Barahona’s town centre where guests can find restaurants, markets and coffee shops.
The city centre is a 5-minute walk away.
There is also a kitchen in some of the units, fitted with an oven and microwave.
The self-catering house is fully equipped with a kitchen, shower and heating.
A sweet buffet breakfast is provided daily.
Strategically located in front of the beach, Gran Colonial Riviera offers accommodation in Piriápolis.
Nossa Senhora da Graca church is 200 metres from Santa Sofia, while Alexandre Albuquerque Square is 200 metres from the property.
A free pick-up service from the train station is available on request.
The ferry port is a 5-minute walk away.
Free public parking is possible on-site.
Shops and restaurants are within 500 m.
It is also a 10-minute drive from the famous Neuschwanstein Castle.
Each air-conditioned room includes an en suite bathroom.
It provides free private parking.
It is 250 metres from St. Anastasia Cathedral and Bell Tower and the port.
The Roman Baths are just 300 metres away and the airport is 12 km from the Elegance hotel.
The private bathroom comes with a bath and shower.
Activities in the surrounding area include table tennis and squash.
If guests stay longer than 2 nights, 50% discount will be offered at public swimming pools.
The private bathroom in each unit comes with shower.
This family-run guest house offers elegantly decorated rooms with air conditioning and a balcony.
The kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, microwave, dishwasher and oven.
Inn Parkway is 1.5 km from MBK Shopping Centre and 2 km from Siam Paragon.
Other facilities offered at the property include a games room.
A free breakfast featuring various warm bread and coffee are served at the dining room.
Towels are available.
Guests staying at the Old Field House Intervale can enjoy an on-site games room.
This leads straight to the lounge dining area, which is equipped with satellite TV and DVD player.
Blue and red accents are sprinkled throughout the Downtown Resort Style, Unit 2G apartment.
Recife city centre is 10 km from Dolce Residencial.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The Hotel Emperor Mandalay is a 10-minute ride from Mandalay Palace.
Free private parking is available on site.
Shops and restaurants can be found within 1.5 km.
Niagara Hotel is located a 5-minute drive from Purwodadi Botanical Garden.
They prepare high-quality Italian cuisine and Lombardy specialities at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
At Hotel Majorelle guests will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace.
All apartments are self-catering, featuring either a kitchen or a kitchenette.
All feature air conditioning and a large LCD TV.
Cicada Market and Hua Hin Night Market are both a 10-minute drive away.
Views of Prague can be taken delight from.
The Museum of Fine Arts and the SMAK Museum are 4 km.
A coffee machine is also available.
Most include a seating area.
Guests can enjoy 5-course meals and culinary events at the restaurant.
Luggage storage is offered, as well as a laundry and dry cleaning service.
Area activities include a gym and cross-country skiing.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV.
Guests can also use the on-site barbecue facilities.
Relax by the complexs outdoor swimming pool, and take a dip to cool off in the warm sunshine.
Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport is 37 km away.
All rooms in this apartment include a fan and flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Beautiful view of Haihe River and whole city can be enjoyed from the room window.
It offers practical accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
This Parksville hotel is located on Vancouver Island, on Parksville Beach.
Bourg-Saint-Maurice is 15 km from the chalet.
Local eateries are within a 5 minute walk of the property, in central Matlock.
Towels are offered.
Historic Blowing Rock city centre is 3 km away.
Mountain House Ski Lifts are 5 minutes’ walk from the apartment.
Situated in the Patel Complex, Hotel Royal Park is 5 km from the Kurla Railway Station.
Rooms are all equipped with a private bathroom, a TV and a minibar.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Extras include slippers and towels.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave. A fridge and kettle are also featured.
Vending machines featuring snacks and beverages are available.
There is also a swing and a sandpit available for the kids.
It provides a fitness centre, karaoke facilities and massage treatments.
The distance to Karpacz is 20 km.
WiFi, continental breakfast and on-site parking are also offered.
Podgorica is 60 km from Apartments Smailagić, while Kotor is 22 km from the property.
Free public parking is available nearby.
Warsaw's Old Town is about 4 km away.
Snacks and drinks are available at the bar at all hours.
There are shops housed in the building.
The kitchen is equipped with a hob, microwave and coffee machine.
Guests at Best Western Garner are offered a business center and laundry facilities.
Nice is 22 km away.
The modern and elegant rooms come with a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower.
Metekhi Side Hotel is located in Tbilisi city centre, in Avlabari district.
The nearest airport is Humberside Airport, 21 km from Dolphin Rooms.
Underfloor heating, built-in wall lamps and tea/coffee making facilities are also provided.
Towels are offered.
Museum of Science is around 6 km away and Real Nuevo Club Golf Course is can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
Other facilities at Saving Grace 113842-23668 include a barbecue.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
The nearest airport is Salt Lake City International Airport, 43 km from the property.
Rodez Marcillac Airport is only 7.8 kilometres away from the Ferme de Bourran.
It also has a cable TV and bed linens.
Guests can watch satellite TV and help themselves with drinks from the minibar.
Indoors, you will find a cosy bar with a fireplace and comfortable red sofas.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a fridge.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom comes with free toiletries.
Alexanderplatz in the heart of Berlin is just 3 km from Hotel-Pension Cityflair.
You can also spend some relaxing time in the bar enjoying you favourite drink.
The property is at a 35-minute drive from Kandy city.
It provides free Wi-Fi access.
Free WiFi and free private parking are available on site.
A daily American breakfast is included.
Some units feature a seating area where you can relax. A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
The hotel also features two bars.
A barbecue can be set up in the courtyard.
The Hinterstoder Ski Area can be reached by car in 45 minutes.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
There is a small, cosy lounge as well as 2 attractive patios filled with flowers.
Featuring an onsite pub, this motel is 5 minutes’ drive from Kurri Kurri District Hospital.
Apartments Ardo is 15 km from Durrës and 550 metres from the coast.
Sir William's Hotel is located in Timog, Quezon City.
Augas Santas Spa and Golf Club is just 2.5 km from the Casa de Maside.
Refreshing drinks and beverages are served on the beach.
Other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
Oasis Scaleta Hotel features a swimming pool with individual baby pool and complimentary sun beds and umbrellas.
The Mölltal Glacier all-year ski area is 34 km away.
In-room films and coffee-making facilities are provided.
Split Airport is located 55 km from the property.
A number of restaurants are located in the surrounding region.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The distance to Anapa Train Station is 13 km from Pansionat Visokiy Bereg.
Skopelos Town and Port can be reached within 22 km.
Shower facilities and free bath amenities are included in the en suite bathroom.
They all feature a desk and seating area.
It features a private beach, open from May to September.
A number of activities are offered in the area, such as windsurfing and diving.
Discounts are available to guests at restaurants and on ski equipment hire.
Also the Filzmoos ski school and the Bögel training lift can be found right next to the Aparthotel Olympia.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Supermarkets and shops can be found a 5-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Ufa International Airport, 21 km from Apartment Park Yakutova.
Local dining outlets can be found within 10 metres from the property.
It features a balcony and free Wi-Fi access.
Various restaurants are within 1.6 km of B&B Flowerzzz.
Guests can cook in the shared kitchen, and Continental breakfasts are served upon request.
You can visit the medieval castle located at Turo de la Roca.
The apartment features a TV and a kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator.
The sea vies can be enjoyed from most of the rooms.
Free WiFi access is available.
Breakfast is included.
The property is reachable by bus from both Florence and Grassina.
Guests can relax in the lobby bar or enjoy a snack from the 24-hour market.
A number of shops, restaurants, and cafés can be found within a 5-minute walk of the house.
Private parking is opposite the property, and is available at an additional cost per day.
The reception is open 24 hours a day.
The bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
The hotel will provide you with a TV and a patio. There is also an electric kettle.
Free private parking is available on site.
This modern hotel is located in Merano centre, 300 metres from the train station.
Superior rooms feature a spa bath or a hot tub.
Offering an outdoor pool, Lucy Inn is located in Portsmouth.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 31 km from Svaha Private Villas Ceningan.
Rovinj Aquarium and the Cathedral of St. Euphemia are located in the town centre.
Rooms include a private bathroom.
Additionally, Austria Trend Hotel Schillerpark Linz features a private parking garage.
Other facilities at Lomakoti Tuulensuoja include a hot tub and terrace.
Capo D'Orto at a height of 1294 metres is only a 4-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Marina di Campo Airport, 7 km from Appartamento La Sorgente.
This well-appointed hotel is located within 8 km from Siem Reap International Airport.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
Each has a comfortable working space.
Rooms at the Recanto feature tile flooring and en suite facilities including shower.
At Villa Assyam you will find a tennis court.
Some have views over the sea.
The resort features an outdoor swimming pool, restaurant and beach lounge.
Featuring air conditioning, Solis Apartments offers accommodation in Split. Diocletian's Palace is 1.3 km from the property.
The coastal town of Taormina, with its renowned beaches, is 20 km away.
Exeter International Airport is 64 km away.
Each one has a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
During week days guests can also use a safe in a building nearby.
A gym and 2 tennis courts are available for active guests.
Holiday home Baunebjergvej Hvide Sande Denmark is located in Hvide Sande.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A fitness centre, a grocery shop and other small shops are on site too.
Every room is equipped with satellite TV and a refrigerator.
The bathrooms come with a bath or shower, a toilet and a hairdryer.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Relax Residence is situated in Iaşi, 4.1 km from Iasi International Airport.
King Khalid Airport is located 16 km away.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
Free WiFi access is available.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and laundry facilities.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
It features a sea view, an LCD TV and an equipped kitchen.
Leonis B&B is located in Palermo, 300 metres from Giardino Inglese.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
A 24 hour front desk is available.
The hotel also has a computer station which can be used for free. Travel arrangements can be made and bicycles rented at the tour desk.
Room service is available for 24-hour.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
A sweet and savoury breakfast is offered daily.
All cabins come with a view of the city and Rhine.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing and a water park.
London City Airport is 8 km from the property.
Within walking distance, guests can reach the centre and harbour of Kemer.
A guest launderette and BBQ facilities are located on site.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
The Vijaywada Railway Station and Vijaywada Airport are both 20 km away.
Lynden Pindling International Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
Cipro Metro stop is 150 metres from Dolce Risveglio B&B.
Private bathrooms are fitted with a bath tub or with a shower.
A sweet breakfast is served daily in the common room.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The University of Oregon is 10 minutes’ drive from the bed and breakfast.
London Gatwick Airport is 26 km away.
This apartment offers views of Roses Beach and there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
Villa Kayu Ubud is a villa with a terrace, located in Ubud, 4.4 km from Ubud Market.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 18 km from OYO Premium Muncipal Garden Margao.
A generous breakfast is served daily in the Coffee Lounge and features English, vegetarian or continental options.
Towels and bed linen are included.
Guests are welcome to use a beach wicker chair in summer.
Castlefield is a self-catering accommodation located in Manchester.
It features a salt-water outdoor pool and elegant rooms with an LCD TV.
The property offers free parking.
Saint-Emilion is 40 km away.
Every morning, a hearty buffet breakfast is served in Parkhotel Schönewalde’s inviting dining room.
Rovaniemi Airport is 11 km from the property.
The hotel provides car rentals, dry cleaning, and laundry services.
There is a living room with a sofa bed and TV.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Main Bus Station and Ferry Port are located 2.5 km away, and Dubrovnik Airport is at a distance of 22 km.
Free private parking spaces are available.
A bakery, a shop and public transport are reachable within walking distance.
A personal safe, satellite TV and a mini fridge are included.
Guests can enjoy a continental breakfast during their stay at Kodak Baymont Inn and Suites.
Palma and its airport are around 45 minutes' drive away.
A washing machine and tumble drier are also available.
Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport is 96 km away.
The Quinta do Troviscal is an 80-minute drive to the Lisbon International Airport.
Kissamos Stadium is 700 metres from Edgewater Studios.
This property features a heated outdoor pool, a sun terrace, a garden and a hot tub.
There is a local pub serving evening meals 5 minutes' walk from the property.
Velden is 7 km from the guest house.
Appartement Enclave is simply decorated with wood furnishings.
Also on offer is bicycle rental, a children’s playground and Wi-Fi in the business centre.
Serving Italian coffee and freshly baked croissants and fruits, breakfast can be enjoyed in the common room.
Double-glazed windows ensure a quiet and peaceful night's rest.
A hearty breakfast is available in the Waldfrieden’s breakfast room.
It has a lagoon pool and offers air-conditioned guestrooms.
A bar is also there.
The rooms are simply furnished with a cable TV and air conditioning.
Free public parking is available near the hostel.
Tivat Airport is 20 km from Popović Apartments.
Some units feature a terrace and/or patio with river or garden views.
The guest house is 5.4 km from Golfe de Ponte de Lima.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen. A flat-screen TV is available.
Towels and bed linen are available at Undory holiday home.
Ramada provides guests with a complimentary continental breakfast for a great morning start.
The apartments at the Hotel Guidon Apartments have their own private entrance and wooden flooring.
A wide selection of wines is available.
The nearest airport is Naples International Airport, 49 km from Salerno Inn B&B.
Arena Shopping Centre is 1.6 km away.
Select rooms have a sofa.
Several times a day a bus takes you to the train station down to Bex.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Lovely House.
Guests can use the fully equipped kitchen to prepare their own meals.
A shared kitchen is also available, while trendy restaurants and cocktail bars can be found on the promenade.
Facilities in each one include an LCD TV with DVD player, as well as both a washing machine and dishwasher.
Rome is 18 km from Appartamento Enrico Verjus, while Tivoli is 43 km from the property.
Surrounded by olive groves, it offers a large garden with swimming pool.
Holiday home Musvågevej Ålbæk X is located in Ålbæk.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
There is also an expansive outdoor pool area, and a 13th-century chapel.
There is a bathroom with a bath or a shower.
Son Sant Joan Airport is a 30 minutes' drive.
The facilities include a garden and a BBQ.
This chalet is 88 km from Thalerhof Airport.
Santa Monica’s Tongva Park is 1 km away from this apartment.
Disney World is 12.1 km from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. The property offers free parking.
The accommodation is provided with washing machine, seating and dining area, satellite-TV and radio.
Vancouver’s Gastown is just 5 minutes’ walk away.
Attractions within close proximity to the hotel include the South Center Mall, the Des Moines Marina and the Wild Waves.
Travel and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the on-site tour desk.
Amicitia Hotel Sneek is a luxurious 4-star hotel on the outskirts of Sneek.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower. Extras include cable channels.
Airport shuttle is provided at a surcharge.
The property is 4 km from Copacabana Beach.
An en suite bathroom equipped with a hairdryer is also available.
Set in Svetlogorsk, this apartment features free WiFi. Guests benefit from balcony.
Each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony overlooking the sea.
Each villa is tastefully decorated and features warm lighting.
The property offers free parking.
Free private parking is available on site.
Don Cayo Golf Club is 4 km away.
You can enjoy a refreshing drink from the hotel’s bar.
Landscaped gardens provide guests with a quiet place to relax.
The air-conditioned rooms have a cable TV and minibar.
The hotel also offers a free movie library along with a 24-hour fitness center.
Free WiFi is provided .
There is a kitchenette and dining area with a fridge, microwave and hob.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The port and town of Mytilene are at a distance of 11 km, while Mytilene Airport is 20 km away.
In sunny weather, the large garden is ideal for celebrations and events.
Guests will also be 9 minutes’ drive from the SeaBee Museum.
Warsaw Chopin Airport is 1 km away.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
Cross-country ski trails pass directly by the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Foca is 160 km from Site Soley.
You can play billiards at the hotel.
Full English and continental breakfast are served, and picnics are available on request.
La Muse guests can dine at the Chez Bouquet, which serves food made from local ingredients.
It features free Wi-Fi access is provided.
Free parking is available at the property.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi is offered .
An oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
Ku De Ta is 1.7 km from Villa Meme Seminyak, while Petitenget Temple is 1.8 km from the property.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
The nearest airport is Alicante Airport, 60 km from the property.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing.
Vilas Bhim is 1.8 km from the Central Museum and the lively Bapu Bazaar.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the property.
Florence Airport is 11 km from the property.
Rooms are equipped with cable TV and a work desk.
Choose from a selection of traditional, local recipes, and Mediteranean flavours.
This is included in the room price.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a toaster, as well as a kettle.
The guest rooms at Oceana Palms are styled with contemporary furniture.
At Hotel Feria Nova you will find a 24-hour front desk. Other facilities offered include a shared lounge.
Guest House Rila is set 14 km away from Borovets.
Room service is available for in-room dining comforts.
The shared TV lounge and bar offer access to the terrace.
The nearest grocery store is 500 metres away and a restaurant is 300 metres further.
Free parking is provided by Deluxe Quartier RÜ-WO.
Featuring free Wi-Fi, Adele Apartments offers modern apartments in Yekaterinburg.
The private bathrooms include a bathtub and free toiletries.
Air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a work desk, an electric kettle and cable television.
Bolzano is 10 km from Jenesien Gasthof.
The nearest grocery store is 100 metres away.
Return to the hotel in the evening to freshen up, and then head down to the restaurant for your evening meal.
It offers free WiFi access.
Free private parking is available on site.
The apartment will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a seating area.
Sochi Discovery World Aquarium and Akvatoriya Dolphinarium are within a 10-minute walk of the property.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Within less than 10 kilometres, there are 2 excellent golf courses.
Explore the city, with many of the attractions just a short stroll away, including the Rome opera house.
Villa Tolleric is a villa situated in Badia Blava, 19 km from Palma de Mallorca.
A free shuttle is available to the beach and to the Giardini Poseidon Terme thermal baths.
All rooms of the Opera Hotel are equipped with free Wi-Fi, a minibar, and a work desk.
The nearest airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 3 km from the property.
Au Vin Chambré features an outdoor swimming pool and a solarium.
Free WiFi access is available in the rooms.
Guests can enjoy indoor and outdoor swimming pools 3 km away, in Kopřivnice.
The Hochfügen-Hochzillertal Cable Car is a 5-minute drive away.
Breakfast is served in the room, or at a stylish bar nearby.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
At Hotel Hemkunt you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Livu Aqua Park is a 15-minute drive away.
Pantanal Inn Hotel is less than 10 km from Asuncion city centre.
Free parking spaces are available on site.
Retiro Park is 2 km away.
Athinios Port is at 10 km.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven and a microwave.
A TV is featured in some units.
The villa is 1.3 km from Walking Street Pattaya.
Coffee facilities, a work desk and air conditioning are included.
Château de St Picq is located in the top of a hill, a 4-minute drive from the centre of Bérenx.
The centre of Novalja, with various café bars, is within a 1-km distance.
The property offers free parking.
Some rooms offer extra luxury and feature a hot tub.
An American breakfast is available on request.
Palau is 25-minute drive away.
Computers, a public kitchen, and barbecue facilities are also available for use.
Guests can enjoy an outdoor barbecue during their stay.
Other facilities at House with Alcove include a sun terrace.
The private bathroom features a bath or shower.
The complex offers free Wi-Fi and free parking.
Kitchenette facilities include a microwave, fridge and coffee maker.
Guests are invited to use the residence’s fitness centre and there is also a hamman, sauna and spa.
Each room at Breda Youth Hostel has a high ceiling and wooden floors.
The Down Town Hostel is located just a 5-minute walk from the Besarabsky Market.
Each with a balcony, rooms at the Yellow Line have simple décor and tiled floors.
Holiday home Majgårdsvej dnmk is located in Ebeltoft.
The Hôtel Dar Zakaria provides free private parking and it has a 24-hour reception.
The kitchen provides appliances such as an oven and a fridge, and a small dining area is available.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher.
Bolzano, the provincial capital, is 12 km from the hotel.
Every room includes a private bathroom with a bidet and shower.
Private 24-hour parking is possible at 30 metres and charges are applicable.
Dining options include room service that serves multi-cuisine.
This holiday home is 30 km from Viracopos International Airport.
Each apartment features a fully equipped kitchen and a private garden.
Offering free WiFi, CGF Gray is a self-catering studio apartment located in Cannes.
The à la carte restaurant of Hotel Tbilisi In Borjomi offers breakfast, lunch and dinner service.
There is a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
The property offers free parking.
Saint Sophia Cathedral, Songhuajiang River and People Flood Control Success Memorial Tower are a 3-minute walk away.
Similarly, a climbing hall is also only 4 minutes away, while cross-country skiing trails pass right behind the house.
Sochi is 22 km from Gostievoi dom u Sati, while Adler is 44 km away.
It offers free WiFi and private parking.
Free private parking is available on site.
The fresh and bright rooms are to a large extent equipped with a shower and toilet.
Free private parking is available at the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
All the non-smoking rooms feature a TV and a fridge.
Guests enjoy 3GB of free WiFi.
The suite also has a seating area.
There is a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Located in Théoule-sur-Mer, Nirvana Loft is a beachfront apartment.
Other facilities include electric heating.
Each room at the Continental Inn Charlotte is furnished with a cable TV and coffee maker.
They are equipped with free Wi-Fi access, a TV and a private bathroom.
They also have microwaves and refrigerators.
The Picos de Europa National Park is just beyond.
A local bus stop can be reached within 600 metres.
Mattresses which are 27 cm thick provide for a peaceful night's rest.
A rich breakfast buffet is served each morning until 11:00.
At B&B Flamingo-Utrecht you will also find a terrace.
It offers simply furnished rooms with free Wi-Fi, cable TV and hairdryers.
Karaoke nights are organised in the summer.
Slots At Sudbury Downs is 26 km away.
Within a 500-metres reach, you can find a grocery store, a bar and a restaurant.
Free Wi-Fi access is available. A mini fridge is offered in each room.
Noria Resort guests can play a game of tennis, or enjoy a relaxing massage.
The property is situated 1 km from the train station and 58 km from Basel-Mulhouse Airport.
Guests benefit from patio.
Douro Cister Hotel is 147 km from Porto International Airport.
The lounge has sofas, a dining area and a flat-screen TV.
The nearest airport is Sao Paulo/Congonhas Airport, 14 km from the property.
The dormitory and all the rooms have access to a shared bathroom.
Rooms at the Camere Sotto le Stelle come with a private bathroom.
Hiking and cycling trails start right outside.
Each has a balcony or private terrace that overlooks the gardens or swimming pool.
Cooled with a fan, all rooms feature a private terrace with garden views and a seating area.
Stafylos Beach is at 4 km.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, electric kettle and coffee machine.
Princes Street Gardens, with Edinburgh Castle, is just a 10-minute walk.
The accommodation comes with a flat-screen TV.
The air-conditioned rooms and suites come with wooden flooring and dark wood furnishings.
The Karnal Railway Station is 5 km and the Chandigarh Airport is 120 km.
The property offers free parking.
All rooms have a satellite TV, a coffee maker and bathrobes.
The bathroom includes a shower.
Free public parking is possible on site.
All apartments are surrounded by restaurants and shops.
All rooms are air-conditioned and feature free access to Wi-Fi.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Other facilities like luggage storage and dry cleaning are offered.
Leijay Resort is located in Galle, a 10-minute drive from Galle Fort.
The rooms and the restaurant can be reached with express lifts.
Nikulinskaya Mini-Hotel is located in Moscow, 8 km from Bitsa Park.
Free tea bags are available.
It can accommodate up to six people and free wireless internet access is available.
Banje, the most popular beach in town, with views of the fortifications, is within 500 metres.
You can start the day with a rich open buffet breakfast.
Salamaua Restaurant & Bar is open daily for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of each apartment.
It offers a roof-top sun terrace and the large patio features a small plunge pool.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Golfclub Kitzbühel Schwarzsee (3.4 km). Salzburg Airport is located 59 km away.
Work-Play Suites Union offers accommodation in Fredericton.
There is a cash machine and shops at the property.
A restaurant, a bar and a grocery shop are available in Riscone, within 1 km of the property.
The Riffelsee Ski Area is 800 metres away.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The rooms offer air conditioning and TV.
Villa Oneiropagida features free WiFi throughout the property.
Marsala is around 20 minutes' drive away, and the airport is even closer.
Guests can enjoy golfing at the Golf Club, which is a 5-minute drive from the guesthouse.
Featuring a fireplace, Apartments Pirineus great mountain views.
The hostel provides luggage storage.
Every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Plaza de Cataluña, Las Ramblas and La Barceloneta Beach are within 20 minutes ́ walk.
The apartment is provided with a seating area, TV and free internet access.
In fine weather, you can eat on the terrace overlooking the 400-m2 garden.
The Verizon Ampitheatre is 25 miles away.
Minibar and electric kettle are also provided.
There is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and oven.
The apartment comes with modern decor and an open-plan lounge and dining area.
Gdańsk International Airport is 15 km away.
Modern air-conditioned rooms are fitted with a writing desk and a flat-screen TV.
Pula Airport is located 52 km away.
The hotel has Wi-Fi and parking spaces (charges applicable).
Guests can enjoy a rich buffet breakfast every morning.
Suites also feature spacious living rooms and hot tubs.
Guests can also enjoy their meals in the privacy of their rooms.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher.
A balcony provides views of the ocean.
The popular Istiklal Avenue is about a 10-minute walk away.
Free parking is possible on site.
Some bars, restaurants and a grocery store can be found in the vicinity of the property.
The property offers free parking.
Restaurants, shops, and bars are located in the surroundings.
Villa Riccona is situated in Jawczyce, just 10 minutes’ drive from the centre of Warsaw.
Tbilisi Opera And Ballet Theatre is 400 metres from Freedom Square Hostel.
Antalya Airport is located 60.8 km away.
Each room warmly decorated and includes a work desk.
The air-conditioned unit is fitted with a kitchen.
A balcony with river views is featured.
Free WiFi is available in the reception area.
The Tenebagolan is located in the town of Had Nes, in the Golan Heights.
Genoa is a 40-minute drive away, along the A10 Autostrada dei Fiori motorway.
Central Levi is a 10-minute drive away.
A TV and CD player are standard in all rooms at Hotel Concordia.
Several choice destinations are within easy reach of the hotel.
You can choose from a continental breakfast or a full English breakfast at the Best Western Hôtel Continental.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel.
Porto International Airport is a 17-minute drive from the Cosy Downtown Flat.
A continental breakfast is available for guests staying on a B&B package.
Most rooms have a private sauna.
Rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
The volcanic landscape surrounding Le Grand Hôtel is perfect for hiking.
Some rooms have a private bathroom.
Bars and cafés are just a 3-minute walk away.
The property offers free parking.
Pets are welcome upon request.
Both come with floor heating.
There is a TV lounge, with a fireplace, where guests can enjoy a film on DVD.
The apartments come with fully equipped kitchens, tea and coffee making facilities and balconies.
The air-conditioned unit is 1.1 km from Petruzzelli Theatre.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing, fishing and windsurfing.
It offers luxury tents overlooking a dry riverbed and a main lodge with outdoor pool.
The nearest airport is Chelyabinsk Airport, 17 km from Apartment Sverdlovskiy prospekt 78.
Ironing facilities or hairdryers are available upon request.
Chill Up also includes a barbecue. Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
Sibiu International Airport and the centre of Sibiu are 30 km away.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
You can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
A terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms.
In-room dining is possible with room service.
Breakfast is available from 07:00 each morning.
Free WiFi access is available.
All rooms on first floor have only one double bed.
New York State Fairgrounds is 14 minutes' drive away.
Meals are served as an open buffet at the main restaurant.
All rooms have a fan.
At St. Anthony Holiday Homes you will find a garden.
This inn features barbecue facilities.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop.
BBQ facilities are also available.
To help you organise your stay, Meran Hotel offers an on-site ATM machine and free Wi-Fi throughout the building.
Leisure facilities include heated indoor and outdoor pools, a hot tub, and a sauna.
The nearest city, Plauen, is in 13 km.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
The nearest airport is Larnaca International Airport, 3 km from the property.
Free public parking is available right outside the hotel.
Selected units come with a spa bath and additional space.
Located in Panglao City, the property is about 500 metres from Alona Beach and 1.6 km from Danao Beach.
Marvel at the magnificent sea views from your private balcony.
Towels and bed linen are offered at CA Apartament Miramar .
Linen is also included.
The private bathroom comes with shower.
Wi-Fi and parking are free.
Guests can relax at B’s gazebo, or request for a massage.
Villa Donna Bed & Breakfast features free WiFi.
They also feature air conditioning and heating.
Naples International Airport is 44 km from the property.
Besides it provides a refrigerator, a coffee machine and a minibar.
The kitchen also features a dishwasher.
Both free WiFi and private parking are available on site.
On-site parking is possible and subject to availability.
Guests will enjoy a sweet breakfast every morning.
The nearest airport is Da Nang International Airport, which is 22 km from the property.
Free WiFi is available, and the Museum of the Late Middle Ages is located in the attic.
Bike rental is available on site, while a pool is located nearby.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
The en suite bathroom comes with toiletries.
Self-catering apartments with a seating area are also available.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Rooms include wooden furniture, satellite TV and private bathrooms.
The property offers free parking.
It has an extensive Spa, indoor swimming pool and a garden overlooking the sea.
All bright rooms come with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV.
Free WiFi is available.
Guest House Naira is only 1 km from Gelendzhik Airport.
Taverns and mini markets are within a 3-minute walk.
A shuttle to the airport can be arranged.
Guests can also enjoy fresh fruit and cereal.
The award-winning property boasts an outdoor pool and sauna facilities.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are offered.
The hotel’s GoBoard provides up-to-date news and weather information.
Bicycle and car rentals are available at additional charges for guests who wish to explore the surrounding area.
Guests can enjoy complimentary access to the swimming pool as well as the property’s health club facilities.
Other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service and a tour desk.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 18 km from the property.
It features a lush park, free sauna access and a lounge with an open fireplace.
The en suite bathroom has a bath, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Guest may use 3 tennis courts beside the hotel, where tennis lessons are also available.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Guests can relax with pampering massage treatments.
Free WiFi access is available.
The kitchen comes with a washing machine, microwave and coffee machine.
There is a sun terrace by the pool, with barbecue facilities. The complex also has a library and a bar.
Guests may lay back and enjoy a casual drink at Malabrigo Bar.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Sanctuary of Atotonilco 10 km away.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Essen is 42 km from Apartment Bergisches Land, while Bonn is 41 km from the property.
A bus stop is 50 metres away.
A basic breakfast is possible with an extra cost and restaurants can be found 200 metres from the accommodation.
The property is a 20-minute drive to Phuket Bus Terminal 1 and Rawai Beach.
The private bathroom is outside the room.
The rooms and apartments of Lavender feature a modern interior.
Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport is a 1-hour ride away.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
It offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
You can also take a trip to the Allgäu Skyline Park, situated 5 km away.
Apartament Wilanów is an apartment located in Warsaw, 1.4 km from Wilanow Palace.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Phnom Penh International Airport is located about 6 km away.
Studio Gornaya offers accommodation in Divnomorskoye, 9 km from Gelendzhik.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
Its studios offer a balcony overlooking the garden or pool.
Extras include a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
Kamerlengo Castle is 80 metres away.
The property offers free parking.
Breakfast is available on Sundays.
You can enjoy mountain view from all the rooms.
Tajo River is a 10-minute walk away.
Free parking is available, in fist come first served basis.
Most of them open onto the garden and offer views of the green areas.
Côte d'Azur Airport is 6 km from the property.
The property offers free parking.
BBQ facilities are available on site.
A microwave and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
Guests can enjoy drinks in the stylish bar, which features billiards tables.
Free private parking is available on site.
It is also situated 3.5 km from the recreation center Bloso Hofstade.
It is 70 km to Rome Fiumicino Airport.
Hotel Hanuwant also provides meeting/banquet facilities upon request.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning, a minibar and a seating area.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Other facilities like a ski storage room are available as well. Garage parking is available.
They are all equipped with a mini fridge.
Free WiFi is available.
The apartment faces the garden, and includes a washing machine and a flat-screen TV.
A daily breakfast is available in a common room.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower and includes a hairdryer.
The nearest airport is Urgench International Airport, 32 km from the property.
Each room comes with a TV with cable channels.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Each studio comes with a flat-screen TV, a seating area and a desk.
Popular Jigokudani Snow Monkey Park is a 45-minute drive away.
Free WiFi access is available.
The private bathrooms come with a shower.
Thira Airport is 5 km from the property.
The property has a children's playground and views of the garden.
Hotel Sky Towers features free WiFi throughout the property.
Some units include a dining area and/or balcony.
Central City Mall is across from America’s Best Value Inn.
A gym, a sauna and a solarium are also at guests’ disposal at an extra charge.
Lehise Holiday House is scenically located in a quiet area of Tõravere.
Sesimbra is 45 km from Fragateira, while Setúbal is 46 km away.
Extras include a seating area and a CD player.
There is also a bar with an open fireplace.
One of the 2 bathrooms includes a spa bath.
Hotel guests can also relax with a drink in the lobby or enjoy a game of billiards.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Anapa Town Centre is 5 km away from the property, and Nemo Dolphinarium is within a 10-minute walk.
Each apartment comes with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
The kitchen features a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
Guests can reach the famous Paulista Avenue within 5 minutes by metro.
At The Hermitage Inn you will find a garden.
Lokappart - Maine is a studio located in Paris, right next to Montparnasse Cemetery.
The guest house has a barbecue and terrace, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
Guests can enjoy the communal BBQ area equipped with picnic tables.
It comprises refined country-style rooms and interiors.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible in all areas.
Fresh flowers, 2 free bottles of water and snacks are provided daily in rooms.
King Airport is 4.4 km away.
Bicycle rental can be arranged.
Breakfast is buffet style and includes sweet and savoury products.
The Cape Town International Airport is 103 km away and Cape Town City is 119 km from the apartments.
The George Eastman House is situated 4.5 miles from the Courtyard Rochester East / Penfield.
Lisbon International Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
It offers elegant air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Some also feature a balcony.
Castiello Golf club is 5 km from Abba Playa.
This accommodation offers a big garden.
Guests have the option of having breakfast on their private veranda or under the pergolas in the garden.
The chef specialises in typical Vorarlberg cuisine.
A restaurant can be found 300 metres away and a supermarket is 2 km from the property.
Zermatt Train Station is 1.3 km away.
The apartments include a kitchenette with a stove, sink and utensils.
Free Wi-Fi is also available in the lobby and pool area.
Free WiFi is available .
There is also a fridge.
The rooms have a flat-screen TV.
This resort has a private beach area and car hire is available.
The unit is 2.7 km from Hermitage Museum.
Some apartments have a raised sleeping area.
Stralsund Train Station is only 100 metres from Villa am Jungfernstieg.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Sao Jorge Castle is within a 10-minute walk.
A fridge is also provided in the room.
At Hotel Royal Palace you will find a 24-hour front desk. Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
It is a 15-minute walk the Königsallee, the Old Town and the River Rhine.
Wi-Fi is available at an additional cost.
The apartment comes with a Smart TV.
The property houses a restaurant where guests can enjoy a selection of local and Western dishes.
Each room here will provide you with a cable TV, a seating area and desk.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Each room is decorated in country-style décor and has a patio.
Complimentary breakfast is served at the lounge.
Facial and body treatments are provided upon prior reservation.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, an electric kettle and a refrigerator.
They all have private balconies that offer great views of the pool.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
A range of local dining outlets can be reached within walking distance.
Free WiFi is available.
Its ideal location allows easy access to shops and restaurants.
The nearest airport is Mykonos International Airport, 3 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 20 km from Tripvillas @ Anol Haven.
Apartment Tato And Nini's features views of the city and is 1 km from Rustaveli Theatre.
Fax and photocopying services are available.
The grounds feature a subtropical swimming pool plus leisure facilities.
Forte Da Oura’s reception is staffed 24 hours per day.
Towels and bed linen are offered at "CASA CANSELLA" a few steps from the sea.
The famous Arbat Street is a 5-minute walk away. The Kremlin and the Red Square are a 15-minute walk from the hotel.
This guest house has a washing machine available.
A rich buffet is served for breakfast and is available until 11:00.
Free toiletries are offered.
Morelia is 45 minutes’ drive away.
The shops of Cala Mayor are only 500 metres away.
Schiphol Airport is located 12 km from the property.
Fort Amsterdam is less than 4.5 km from the hotel.
St Raphael train station is 35 km away.
Geißkopf ski-lift is 5 km from the hotel.
Salerno Train Station is 5 minutes' walk away.
It features a bar, a restaurant that serves breakfast, and on-site scuba diving facilities.
All units feature a seating area.
Breakfast at Il Giardino Hotel is buffet style and includes a variety of sweet and savoury products.
Free WiFi is offered .
Free private parking is possible on site.
The property offers free parking.
Open for all-day dining, The Siam Restaurant serves Thai and European specialities.
Panagia Kera Church is within 8 km.
Free Parking is also available.
Schmitt Apartments also offer free parking.
The kitchen features a dishwasher.
Apart Hotel Aires del Norte is 200 metres from the bus station.
A restaurant specialising in local cuisine is available on site, as well as a bar.
There is no on-site restaurant while countless local eateries are scattered around within easy reach.
Apartment Twins is a self-catering accommodation located in Zadar.
Some have a sea-view terrace.
Facility wise, the accommodation is fitted with a washing machine, a dryer and an iron.
Guests can also enjoy a drink at the pool bar or its lounge area.
Holiday Silver Hotel is located in downtown Hanoi, a 5-minute walk from Hoan Kiem Lake.
Airport shuttle and diving packages can be arranged upon request.
It features an 114-slip marina and offers charter fishing trips.
The nearest airport is Brindisi - Salento Airport, 39 km from B&B Francesca.
Taverns and restaurants are within a 5-minute walk.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room.
Altamira B&B offers colourful rooms with marble floors.
Eskisehir Train Station is less than a 20-minute walk from Sor Hotel Eskisehir.
Offering a restaurant, Ośrodek Wypoczynkowo-Szkoleniowy Arkun is located in Łeba, just 1 km from the sea.
Free WiFi and private parking are also available.
At Holiday home Strandgårdsvej Denm you will find a terrace with furniture including sun loungers.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The property also offers free parking.
Whites Creek Lake is 5 minutes’ drive away.
The comfortable apartment has a balcony.
São José dos Campos Airport is situated 4,5 km away.
The Riviera del Conero coast on the Adriatic Sea is 5 km from the property.
The living area includes a sofa bed and a TV.
The guesthouse rents bicycles.
There is a free on-site parking.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Phnom Penh International Airport is 9.3 km from the property.
Grenoble - Isère Airport is 42 km away.
Guests are welcome to try fine Baden wines and homemade brandy here.
Additional features include free Wi-Fi available throughout the property.
Gurnee Mills Outlet Mall and Bonnie Brook Golf Course are both 10 minutes from the hotel.
't Waepen van Veere is the perfect base for walking and cycling tours.
Bed linen is featured.
A well-equipped summer kitchen is at the guests' disposal.
Tokyo Shinkansen (bullet train) Station is a 20-minute ride from the property, as well.
The Mediterranean coast is a 30-minute drive from Hotel Wunder.
Rijeka Airport is 16 km away.
A shared kitchenette is available and free shuttle service is provided.
Guests can enjoy a breakfast, which is offered daily.
Free WiFi is available throughout the entire property.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
There is a well-equipped kitchen for the preparation of meals.
Perilia Villa Apartments also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
A selection of restaurants and shops are within a 5-minute bicycle ride.
Extras include towels and linen.
A hairdryer and free toiletries are standard for all units.
Nadi Airport is a 1-hour drive away.
There is a garden, where guests can relax.
Located on Highway 63, this Northern Arkansas motel is 5 miles from downtown Hardy.
Krabi pier - Klong Jirad is 3.6 km away from the property.
Shops and restaurants are within 2 km from the property.
The staff at the central office is available 24 hours a day.
Featuring free WiFi, the accommodation will provide guests with a TV and a seating area.
Bathroom and toilet facilities are shared.
You can enjoy sea view from the room.
The Flörl Haus also features a private wine cellar.
Paid secured parking in underground garages is available.
Hot breakfast is available at extra cost.
Everything Kitzbühel has to offer is within easy walking distance from Hotel Zur Tenne.
A grocery shop can be found in the same building and the closest restaurant is 200 metres away.
Room service is available.
Holiday home Vandflodvej X is located in Blåvand.
Rasnov Train Station is reachable within 5 minutes by car.
Located in Taghazout, Appartemet La Piscine offers an outdoor pool.
The highlight of Soggiorno Annamaria is its remarkable ambiance.
Located 5.5 km from Ronda, it comes with free parking.
The modern kitchen includes a dishwasher, while the 2 bathrooms have a shower.
A TV is provided in each air-conditioned room at Hotel di Fratteli. A minibar is provided.
The property offers free parking.
Loutraki Port lies within 200 metres from the property, while Glossa Village is at a distance of 2.5 km.
It opens onto a large garden, equipped with table and chairs.
Tours throughout the region and shuttle service can be arranged at reception.
Hiyala Inn features free WiFi throughout the property.
There is a shared kitchen where guests can prepare meals, and supermarkets within a 5-minute walk.
The modern apartments include a self-catering kitchen and free Wi-Fi.
Several pubs and cafes can be found in the village of Aberdaron.
A 10-minute walk from the historic centre, the hotel also offers a fitness room.
Breakfast and fresh rolls are available on request.
Baiyun Airport is 35 minutes' drive away.
It features a restaurant, free Wi-Fi and free parking.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
It features free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour front desk.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The property offers free parking.
Public parking spaces are located outside each Cityrentals Berlin apartment.
Sea and city views can be enjoyed from here.
Kuala Lumpur International Airport is 44 km away.
All rooms have shared bathroom facilities.
Offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, Hôtel "U Pozzu" is located in Evisa.
It features an outdoor swimming pool with a sun terrace, set within gardens.
Rooms are functional decorated.
To explore the area, guests can rent a car.
Tel Aviv Marina is 3 km from this apartment.
While staying at the Siesta Suites, guests are within walking distance of beaches and biking trails.
3.5 km from the Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary, Ambadi offers a peaceful retreat in Thekkady.
Holiday home Ørsted is located in Sjorup Strand and can accommodate up to six persons.
It is 90 km from Colombo City and 125 km from Sri Lanka International Airport.
A shared kitchen and living room with a library are also available here.
The property boasts views of the sea and is 600 metres from Agia Napa Monastery.
Museum of Skiing is 2.9 km from Wakacyjny Dom Dawidówka.
The elegant History Hotel is located right by Istanbul’s city hall and 300 metres from Saraçhane Park.
Facilities include satellite TV, a fridge and a balcony overlooking the surroundings.
Tbilisi International Airport is 12 km from the property.
Rimini Station is 2 km from the hotel, while RiminiFiera Exhibition Centre is 3 km away.
Leandro ́s is located within 500 metres from Dunas Beach and Bikinis Street.
Restaurant menus are changed daily.
The apartment provides a living room with a flat-screen cable TV.
It is a 3-hour drive from Krabi Airport.
Claes Compaen has a maritime theme and features a garden with a peaceful terrace.
Muri Beach Resort guests enjoy free use of kayaks, snorkelling gear and reef shoes.
Breakfast and Starbucks coffee are available each morning at The Bistro.
Towels and linens are included.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Apartments Agrijan also includes a barbecue.
Supermarkets, restaurants and cafés can be found within a short walk.
At Hotel Old Town you will find a 24-hour front desk, a rooftop terrace and a bar.
Other options can be found within 900 metres.
Each cosy room is fitted with a TV and minibar.
Kadikoy Ferry Port is 10 km from Rhiss Hotel Maltepe.
Newly renovated, the hotel offers modern accommodation and a wonderful restaurant.
A health club with a sauna and a pool is available.
Offering a restaurant, Villa Jasmine provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
Podgorica is 42 km from the property.
It offers an on-site restaurant and free Wi-Fi throughout the building.
Seaview Apartment is a 15-minute walk from Zhanqiao Pier.
There are several tourist attractions around the property.
There is also a golf course next to the apartments.
This hotel is located in the historic centre of Kiev, 50 metres from the Ukrainian National Opera.
A convenience shop is on site.
Guests can enjoy Alsatian specialities in the on-site restaurant or grab a quick bite to eat in the snack bar.
Punta Cana International Airport is 14 km from the property.
There is free entry to Varde water park. The property also offers free parking on site.
Linens are offered.
A buffet breakfast is served in a spacious lounge room and at the garden.
Stone Bridge is 300 metres away.
Within a 100-metre distance there are restaurants, shops and transportation options.
The shops and restaurants of Corowa town centre are 1 km from the motel.
The nearest airport is Kazan International Airport, 27 km from Apartment Studio Horizont.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer. Extras include a desk.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The resort offers free Wi-Fi and massage services.
The hotel also offers car hire.
Free private parking and bicycle rental is possible on site.
There are 2 bathrooms for guests to use. En suite laundry facilities are provided.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Blankenhain Golf Course is located 2 minutes’ walk away and all guests receive free parking.
Traditional Scottish breakfast is provided each morning, served in the dining room.
Laundry facilities are on site.
There are meeting facilities available.
Mount Fuji is a 1-hour and 40-minute drive away.
Facilities included in each room are air conditioning, cable TV and safety box.
Some units feature views of the mountains or pool.
It offers spacious accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
The suite additionally offers a hot tub.
The area is popular for cycling and hiking.
At La-Perchade you will find a garden and a terrace.
A refrigerator and an electric kettle come standard in each room at Dureme Mansion Hotel and Resort.
The apartment will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a living area.
Riva del Garda town centre is 3 km away.
Reception is open 24-hours a day at the Brenta Hotel.
This family-run property offers charming rooms.
The building is equipped with top-grade facilities including a fitness centre.
The hotel has its own private beach area and a large garden with a designated barbecue area.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and laundry facilities. The property offers free parking.
There's also a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
There is also a beer garden and a disco room.
Free airport shuttle and free private parking are available.
All rooms at the Nad Potokiem are simply furnished.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or a drink at the bar.
Every room has a shared bathroom equipped with a shower.
There is an additional bathroom.
The property is 3.1 km from Roma Termini and 2.5 km from The Colosseum.
Rooms have air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and an en suite bathroom.
Free ski storage is also provided.
Located in Na Jomtien, this air-conditioned villa features a terrace and a garden.
Galeão International Airport is located 22 km away.
All rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
The property has a library-lounge with a fireplace, a botanic garden and an on-site vegetable garden.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Mosaic Stadium at Taylor Field is 22 minutes' drive from the property.
Ponte de Lima is 41 km away from Casa do Pomar.
At Bellavista Apart Maria guests will find a garden and a terrace.
They also come with a TV and tea/coffee making facilities.
The centre of Coleraine is 6 km away and offers a variety of cafés, restaurants and supermarkets.
Within 20 metres of the property, you will find a super market, a restaurant, a café and a bus stop.
The property offers free parking.
The nearest airport is Krasnodar International Airport, 93 km from the property.
Complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has an electric kettle.
Comfortable rooms with free Wi-Fi are offered at El Ucumar Hostel in Salta.
Stepping into The Alcove Library Hotel, guests are greeted by an impressive library design with an extensive book collection.
The Vuokatti Ski Slopes are 2 km away.
Breakfast including fresh fruit, pastries and homemade jams is served every morning.
Catanzaro Lido is 20 km away.
The suite and villa include a fully equipped kitchenette.
Intimate candlelight dinners can be arranged in villas.
Some rooms feature a balcony with sea views.
A business center is also located on-site.
Sagar Residency house meeting/banquet facilities and a tour desk.
An Italian and international breakfast is served daily in the dining room.
Marseille Provence Airport is located 65 km away.
It has air-conditioned guestrooms and free Wi-Fi throughout the property.
The Třeboň castle, spa and railway station are 2 km away.
The garden invites guests to relax outside in warm weather.
There is a well-equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Schlitterbahn Beach Waterpark is 3 miles away.
Within a 5-minute walk of the property are many shops and restaurants.
Each one has a balcony with a view of the sea.
Free WiFi and a garden terrace are offered at Apartment Luti Pula.
Larnaca Center Beach Apartment features free WiFi throughout the property.
Some have a dining area.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
On request, breakfast is available every morning in the property's restaurant.
All air-conditioned rooms feature a balcony.
Shops and cafes can be found nearby.
A TV with cable channels is featured.
Drinks and cocktails can be ordered in the beach-style bar.
Palma de Mallorca Airport is 7 km from the property.
At La Maison Rouge you will find a garden and a terrace.
Free parking is provided at this Haven Inn & Suites as well.
Bratislava Airport is 7 km from the property.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
The nearest airport is Murcia-San Javier Airport, 27 km from the property.
A children's playground is available on site.
A games room, mini club and playground are available for children.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
At a surcharge, guests can also have access to a sauna, and can enjoy massage services.
The Unterbrunn Hotel also features an à la carte restaurant serving Italian cuisine.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in the public areas, guests can enjoy the on-site garden and there is also a washing machine.
Wifi internet access is available everywhere in the hotel.
The hotel is situated just 800 metres from the Katowice Railway Station.
Restaurants can be found a 10-minute walk away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
A kitchenette with a microwave, toaster and tea and coffee maker is standard in all studios.
The apartment features free WiFi throughout the property.
Fort Smith Airport is 84 km away.
Parking is free.
Free parking spaces are available on site.
Offering a terrace and views of the garden, Het TakkeTiele Huis is located in Lochristi.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
There is also a sports bar in the lounge and a pool bar.
You will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room, in addition to a microwave.
You can play billiards at the guest house.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning, and guests can have a drink in the bar.
Berghoteltirol also has a children’s playroom and a billiard table.
The on-site restaurant serves delicious cuisine.
The en suite bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
The kitchen has an oven, a toaster and a refrigerator, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Fiumicino Airport is 15 minutes' drive away, and a transfer service is available on request.
Other facilities at Christine House Vryses include a barbecue.
A bakery is only 50 metres away.
At La Colline Verte you will find a tennis court, while other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities.
Some have a balcony.
It is situated in Baden-Baden town centre, just 300 metres from the Kurhaus (spa resort).
After dinner, guests can enjoy a drink in the lobby bar.
In the evening, cocktails and live music is offered at the Sky Bar.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The attached bathroom offers shower facilities.
The property offers free private parking.
Beach Net Inn is conveniently located within a 5-minute drive from Jomtien Beach.
A washing machine and tumble dryer are also included.
Bed linen is provided.
Guests are also welcome to relax on a sun terrace.
Salou Train Station is 2.5 km from the apartment.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Private parking is available on site.
The apartment is equipped with a kitchen.
The property also features a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
The nearest airport is Trabzon Airport, 2 km from the property.
A ski bus stop is a 2-minute walk away.
Laundry service and daily maid service are provided.
Each room at the Galpin features cable TV and a telephone.
A Bulgarian-style Tavern is available.
Kissimmee Golf Club, a public golf course, is less than 10 minutes’ drive away.
Asti, famous for its sparkling white wine, is 20 km away.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
At Pension Mona Lisa you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Hostal Pensimar has a breakfast room and a bar.
The younger guests of the Ter Kelling can have fun in the playground with carousel.
Free private parking is available on site.
Some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
It is located in the Extremaduran town of Hervás and offers great views of the Ambroz Valley.
Melville Hall Airport is 1 hours’ drive away.
Free WiFi and free parking are provided on site.
Some suites offer a private kitchenette.
Guests can enjoy a cocktail in the bar whilst taking in views of the Atlas Mountains.
Some units feature views of the sea or pool.
A skate park, a children’s playground, a bakery and food market are about 500 metres away.
The bedroom has a TV and a built in wardrobe.
Free WiFi access is available.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
It serves a complimentary breakfast with fresh juices, cheeses and falafels.
Featuring classic decor, the units are fitted with carpeted flooring and hardwood furniture.
All rooms come with air conditioning, a TV and an electric kettle.
Lockers and towels are available for free.
It is served in the patio, under the trees, or around the fire-place during winter.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation and an outdoor swimming pool, sauna and hot tub.
The apartments are bright and spacious.
Each one is decorated in warm colours and some offer antique furnishings.
Fitted with wooden floors, all air-conditioned rooms feature traditional Portuguese décor.
The property features a spa and wellness centre, plus free WiFi access.
A fresh continental breakfast is delivered to each suite daily.
Free truck and recreational vehicle parking are offered as well.
A new sauna area will be opened in July 2015.
The bathrooms are shared, the washing machine and ironing facilities are on site.
There is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in every unit.
Fort Marlborough is just a 5-minute drive away.
Free private parking is possible on site.
It features air-conditioned rooms and a 24-hour reception.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Beaches are 2 km away from the Capofaro Resort.
Select rooms offer views of the pool.
The Silleren Cable Car can be reached within a 4-minute walk.
They have an indoor and outdoor dining area.
The property is a 20-minute drive from the Capanne di Marcarolo Natural Park.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
Free public parking is available.
Other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood-burning stove.
There is free shuttle service at the property.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
A TV is featured.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for cycling.
Moreover, metro station Cavour connects you to the entire city without hassle.
Ormos Athinios Port is 8 km away, while Santorini National Airport is at a distance of 6 km.
It consists of sweet food including croissants and cappuccino.
The Ondina hotel offers practical accommodations with a ceiling fan.
Holiday home Østergårdsvej is located in Løkken.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, B&B San Vito offers accommodation in Trento.
Lübeck and Kiel can be reached within 40 minutes by train or car.
The accommodation provides a TV, a terrace and a seating area.
The Black Sea coast is a 5-minute walk away.
Directly opposite Brighton’s New i360 Tower, the Regency is a city centre hotel in Brighton.
Additional features include a garden, free Wi-Fi access and free private parking on site.
A full bar serves cocktails, beer and wine in the evenings.
Free WiFi, an internet terminal and a children’s playground are available.
The on-site restaurant on the first floor serves delicious cuisine with an appropriate menu.
The property offers free parking.
You can engage in various activities, such as snorkelling and diving.
The property offers 2 buildings and comfort rooms are situated in the new building.
You can enjoy a garden view from the room other facilities offered at the property.
Marmaris city centre is within 20 km from the property.
Around-the-clock front desk service and free on-site parking is provided.
Downtown Concord, California is 5 minutes from the motel.
The Main Bus Station is 550 metres from the Apartment Marinac.
The local ski and hiking bus stops right outside.
The property includes 2 bathrooms and an equipped kitchen, featuring a dining area.
Each unit features a basic kitchenette, some have a private balcony.
A fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette is available and private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
It features bright rooms, and the reception works 24 hours a day.
The Patricia’s bright, modern decor adds to the sunny ambiance of the building.
Shops and restaurants are available within 3 km.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 15 km away.
Pousada do Bosque also offers room service.
Millau Train Station is a 5-minute drive from the property.
All of them are equipped with a satellite TV and floor heating.
The property offers free parking.
They also offer a balcony.
Each cottage is decorated in natural colours with wooden furniture.
The hotel offers an indoor pool and rooms with a flat-screen TV.
Hornachuelos and Cardenchosa Nature Reserves are also nearby.
There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a microwave, refrigerator and stovetop.
It is a 5-minute drive from the Playmobil Fun Park and 20 minutes from Nuremberg.
My Hotel (Shiquan) is conveniently located a short 10-minute walk from Wangshiyuan.
Faleolo International Airport is a 1-hour and 30-minute drive away.
Room service is also available.
Narmada Convention Hall is located in Mataram, a 5-minute drive from the City Centre.
Guests are also welcome to book treatments and massages.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A breakfast buffet is served in the spacious dining area.
Free parking facilities are offered to guests who drive.
Corralejo is 16 km from Villa Cony II, while Costa Teguise is 34 km away.
Luggage can be stored at the front desk.
Pula Airport is 15 minutes' drive away.
The property produces cold cuts, vegetables and breed horses.
This residence in Castelvetrano is set in the middle of a citrus garden.
Some offer a minibar and tea/coffee facilities.
It is fitted with 2 LCD satellite TVs and a safe.
Every room is equipped with a TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
A full English breakfast is served buffet style every morning at the hotel’s dining room.
The hotel offers an outdoor swimming pool, sauna and BBQ facilities.
Free WiFi and coffee are available to guests.
Guests can dine in the property’s restaurant, or use on-site barbecue facilities.
Derzhprom and Universitet Metro Stations are a 5-minute walk from the Kharkov Hotel.
For private use there is a garden (fenced) 200 m2 and table tennis.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a games room and luggage storage.
The 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms are spread over 3 floors.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the entire property.
Some rooms offer sea views.
Rooms are rustic, with a nice touch of colour and local décor.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV, a minibar and cable channels.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
Gimpo Airport is a 50-minute drive and Incheon Airport is a 70-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 28 km from Pro-Svet Apartment.
Packed lunches can be requested.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi is provided .
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
The holiday home is equipped with air conditioning and free WiFi.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling.
Guests can access free Wi-Fi in all areas.
The hosts will gladly enjoy wine-tasting with guests on the terrace.
The hotel boasts a privileged location from which to discover the city and its museums, the sandy beach and beach bars.
The private bathrooms include luxurious slippers.
Area 47 Adventure Park near Ötz is a 20-minute drive.
Located along Min'an Street, Oak Hostel offers cosy and affordable accommodation.
Guests can swim in the indoor heated pool or workout in the fitness centre.
The hotel offers bike rental and free guided tours of the castle.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
The property is about 4 km from Nuwara Eliya Golf Club.
Nan Chong Yu Pin Xiao Ju features air conditioning.
Free WiFi is available in the entire property and free parking is possible on site.
24-hour reception is offered at Edinburg Motel 6.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the property.
Some king rooms include a sofa bed and coffee table.
The elegant rooms offer warm-coloured interiors and classic-style décor.
You can borrow beach towels from the 24-hour reception.
This guest house has rooms with private bathrooms, some with balconies.
A free Wi-Fi access is available throughout the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Spacious rooms have a stylish interior with wooden flooring.
Specialities of the canton of Vaud and international cuisine are served in the restaurant.
Saint Mark’s Square is 1.5 km away.
Gatsby Restaurant and Forest Restaurant are also at guests' disposal.
Bodor Major is located in a green area, 4km from Tahitótfalu.
You can request for picnic supplies, which includes blankets, glasses and utensils.
Sanju Sangendo serves local delights for lunch and dinner.
Activities in the surrounding area include fishing and diving.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels, as well as a laptop are available. You will find a coffee machine in the room.
A sweet and savoury breakfast, with home-made jams, is offered daily.
The property is only 3 km to the Gold Souk. Dubai International Airport is 13 km from Hues Boutique Hotel.
Alghero-Fertilia Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
Ha Long Sails passes by Burn of Incense and Fighting Cock Island.
Inter-hotel le Luy de Béarn is located on the edge of Pau, in the town of Serres Castet.
A Turkish breakfast is served every morning.
Bed linen is available.
Browse the free Wi-Fi.
En suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
It provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
The nearest airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 89 km from Hotel Aliya.
The property is 3.7 km from Hikkaduwa Coral Reef and features views of the garden.
There is also a grocery store nearby.
Set in Sarlat, this villa features a terrace and a garden.
Some rooms come with free Sky sports and cinema channels.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Each room features air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, a minibar and a telephone.
The beach of Agia Triada is 1.2 km away from Venere Apartments.
Guest can benefit from the swimming at the sister property of Villa Dreams, 1 km away from the hotel.
It operates a 24-hour front desk and provides free Wi-Fi access throughout the property.
Izhevchanka 3 Guest House offers accommodation in Gelendzhik.
Renmin Park is 3.3 km from Linyi Junfu Guest House.
Tianfu Square is 1 km away.
Ironing facilities are available upon request.
Tel Aviv Ben-Gurion Airport is a one-hour drive away.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
At Villa 49 hotel beds - Hikkaduwa you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
San Sebastián Airport is 17 km away.
This accommodation offers 2 fully equipped houses located in Garachico.
All the rooms at Matiate Hotel come with a minibar.
All rooms are fully en-suite and feature a refrigerator.
A coffee maker, hair dryer, and ironing facilities are provided.
At Hotel Mountain you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
Private parking at extra charge is available 150 metres away.
The Jungle Club is located on the hill and in the jungle with a very nice view of Chaweng Beach.
On request, fresh bread rolls can be delivered every morning.
A ski bus to the Amadé Ski Area stops 10 metres from the property.
It is located 14 km from Castillon-la-Bataille Train Station.
The Empire State Plaza is a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
Breakfast ingredients are provided.
Some rooms have a mountain view.
The 4-star City North Hotel is just off junction 7 of the M1.
The villa is about 3 km from Kaloor Bus Terminal and 5.5 km from the city centre.
The bus terminal is 5 km away.
Deauville is 15 km away and free public parking is available nearby.
A dishwasher, an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
Taormina is 20 minutes’ drive from Villa Fenice.
The property offers free parking.
Located on the Trans-Canada Highway, this motel is 19 km from downtown Sudbury.
Free private parking is available on site.
Universal Orlando Resort is 26 minutes' drive away from the holiday homes.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in public areas.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Free private parking is provided on site.
Rome Fiumicino Airport is 51 km away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area.
Split Ferry provides daily connections with islands of Hvar, Brač, Vis and Korčula.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
The closest grocery store is 300 metres away.
Jason features a swimming pool and free public Wi-Fi.
This non smoking house can accommodate up to eight persons.
There is a private bathroom and two flat-screen TVs.
All units also include a private bathroom with shower equipped with a hairdryer.
Qobroni features free WiFi .
All rooms have a rustic décor which include air conditioning, minibar and a safety deposit box.
Some units have a balcony, and the apartments have a separate bedroom.
Various restaurants and shops can be reached in 200 metres.
Offering free bikes, Riad Nassima Marrakech is located in Marrakech.
Activities like tennis, mini golf and fishing can be enjoyed on site.
Some units have a seating area and/or balcony.
The foothills of Mount Athos are 2.5 km away.
The Trin Dorf Bus Stop is 100 metres from the Ringel Trin Apartment.
The property has a private beach area and free use of bicycles is available.
Perugia and Gubbio are a 40-minute drive away.
There is a dining and lounge area with a flat-screen TV.
Apartamento Beko Trip is a 15-minute walk from the nearest restaurants and bars.
The property offers free parking.
Aremogna is 20 km from the property.
Free public parking is available.
The property is approximately 10 km from Bandaranaike International Airport.
Ski equipment hire is available at this resort and the area is popular for hiking.
Private parking is available on site.
The property comes with a flat-screen TV and i-pod dockin the living room.
The breakfast buffet is included.
Casa Vacanze Modicarte's restaurant serves typical Sicilian cuisine.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Each room provides a microwave and a small refrigerator.
All rooms have free WI-Fi, heating and a private bathroom.
Regional meals are served in the restaurant with conservatory.
Free Wi-Fi is also included.
Apartment at Nevskogo 51A offers accommodation in Kaliningrad. The apartment is 800 metres from Maraunenhof.
The hotel has a small library and reading lounge.
There is a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer in each unit. Towels are provided.
You can enjoy a sea view from the room.
At Diyamba Beach Resort, you will find a common lounge area.
Guests can enjoy free Wi-Fi access.
The property has a children’s playground and BBQ facilities.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a fridge and a stovetop.
Staybridge Suites Rogers has a fitness centre, a Laundromat and a business center.
Other facilities include a washing machine.
The Dino Park is 300 metres from the property and the Babylon Aqua Park is 2 km away.
Restaurants, bars and grocers can be reached within a walking distance.
Every unit has a private bathroom with a bidet.
A 30-minute ride takes guests to Phuket Town, while Patong Beach is a 40-minute ride away.
Formia-Gaeta Train Station is a 7-minute walk away.
The rooms also have picturesque views from the windows.
This hotel is 10 miles from Heathrow International Airport.
Apartment on Prospekt Oktyabrya 27 is located in Ufa, 500 metres from the bus station.
Guests can park for free.
Each room is fitted with a cable TV.
It is 50 metres from bars and restaurants and 100 metres from a sandy beach.
Pitti Palace is 300 metres away.
The nearest airport is Bratislava Airport, 7 km from Manderla Hostel Bratislava.
Danae Apartments staff are available 24 hours a day, and can assist you with luggage storage.
Guests at the property can enjoy fishing on site.
The property offers free parking and is approximately a 4-hour drive from Buenos Aires.
Guests enjoy free return airport transfers.
Breakfast and dinner served as an open buffet.
A safe, direct dial telephone and private balcony are included.
A breakfast buffet is served each morning.
Free WiFi is available .
Featuring barbecue facilities, Apartamentos Rurales En Plean Sierra is located in La Calera, on the Alia mountain range.
Featuring free private parking, the apartment is 1.8 km from Kazan Arena.
All rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bath and bidet.
Heating facilities are available in all rooms.
Long Beach is 4 miles away.
A washing machine is provided and some units have a tumble dryer.
Rooms at Alte Schule Restaurant & Hotel are individually designed on a traditional school theme.
The nearest airport is Rhodes International Airport, 55 km from the property.
S2 Hotel is situated in Hong Kong.
It features a complimentary light fare breakfast delivered to the rooms daily.
The farm stay offers rooms with a balcony and there is free WiFi available throughout the property.
All units are air conditioned and feature a seating area.
Vrsar centre is 500 metres away from Pineta Hotel.
The heated guest rooms are equipped with electric blankets, a work desk and TV.
Castellón Airport is just 20 km away, and Valencia Airport is 97 km away.
Guests can cook in the kitchen, and various cafes and restaurants can be found within walking distance of the accommodation.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided in the restaurant and on the terrace.
Split Airport is located 32 km away.
Amfibius Water Park is 2 km from Apartment na Kirpichnaya, while Aquatoria Dolphinarium is 2.6 km from the property.
The A1 motorway is only 1 km away.
A free internet terminal is provided in the Azov’s lobby.
Mountain biking and hiking are popular leisure activities in the area.
Free internet access is available.
It is less than 5 minutes’ walk to Gowrie Station.
Certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
You can play table tennis at the guest house.
Grand Bazaar is 1 km from Stone Art Hotel, while Spice Bazaar is 1 km from the property.
Set in the Vila Real region, the hotel is 23 km from Mirandela and 29 km from Chaves.
A continental breakfast is available.
There is also a gym and beauty salon.
Hong Kong International Airport is 24 km away.
Rooms include a private bathroom.
Free table tennis facilities are featured on the premises.
The open-plan bar serves lighter meals and beverages, and features a large-screen TV.
There is furniture and sun umbrellas in the garden.
Some rooms feature views of the mountains or city.
All rooms are styled in wood furnishings.
Free housekeeping is provided every week.
The property offers free parking.
Some are complete with a spa bath.
Kitchenware is provided, while towels and bed linen can be obtained at an extra charge.
The Lidzbark Gate is 400 metres from the hotel.
Activities such as snorkelling and water sports can be arranged at Eagle Beach, 600 metres away.
It offers a restaurant and free WiFi is available throughout.
This holiday home is 60 km from Berlin Tegel Airport.
Villa en Felanitx is 46 km from Palma de Mallorca Airport.
The area is popular for fishing and hiking.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
There is a bus stop just 20 metres from the San.
A supermarket is located 3 km from the property.
Buffet breakfasts, lunch and evening meals can also be booked by all guests at Feriendorf Fuchsberg.
Some also have a separate balcony or terrace.
Several other restaurants and cafés can also be found within a 5-minute walk away.
City center of Cabourg is in 400 m from the property.
An airport shuttle service is available from the tour desk for a supplement.
Meals can be prepared in the well-equipped kitchenette which provides guests with a fridge and an oven.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave.
The nearest airport is Warsaw Chopin Airport, 3 km from the property.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, cable channels, a DVD player and a CD player.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
Each room is equipped with a shared bathroom.
You can walk to central Salou in just 5 minutes from Apartamentos Dorada Palace.
The private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and amenities.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Lake Engure Nature Park is 10 km away.
The nearest airport is Henri Coandă Airport, 13 km from Ana Apartment.
It provides complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout its premises.
Every room has a private bathroom.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher, oven and fridge.
The restaurant just below the residence serves traditional French cuisine and Moroccan specialities.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
The bed and breakfast also offers bike hire.
The apartment also has a washing machine and iron.
The 4 bathrooms are fitted with a shower or bath tub and hairdryer.
It offers a traditional restaurant and a café.
The village of Narok is 90.5 km away.
Airport shuttle service is available upon request and at a surcharge.
Additionally, they have all been equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a telephone.
Antwerp's concert hall, the Sportpaleis, can be reached by metro in 8 minutes.
The Mimosa is located in a modern building 50 metres from the Adriatic Sea.
The Stadtsee lake is less than a 10-minute walk away.
Certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
The Split Ferry port can be accessed within 1.7 km, while Split Airport is 21 km from the accommodation.
A due Passil is a 10-minute drive from the exit of the A12 motorway.
All rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air-conditioning and a seating area.
This elegant apartment include 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, large living room and kitchen.
The apartment comes with a washing machine, safe and bathroom with bathrobes and a hairdryer.
Free WiFi access is available in this camping.
The Savannah Spa offers a range of therapies in 3 treatment rooms.
The private bathrooms are complete with a shower, hairdryers are available on request.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Breakfast consists of both sweet and savoury food.
Each unit features a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hair dryer.
Apartment Ozturk offers accommodation in Sancak, 10 km from Trabzon and 24 km from Macka.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
In summer, outdoor seating is available.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bidet.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The nearest airport is Brac Airport, 17 km from Apartments Špiro.
A Moroccan breakfast is provided every morning.
There is a double bedroom, as well as a sofa bed in the living room.
A children’s pool and a playground are also available.
Madatech Museum is 600 metres from Carmel Apartments.
Staff can arrange airport transfers upon request.
A dishwasher, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
Enjoy fresh Japanese cuisine or traditional Shanghainese cuisine.
An on-site restaurant serves both Vietnamese and Western food.
The Franciscan Monastery is 300 metres away and Makarska Bus Station is 600 metres from the property.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a toaster and fridge.
Free WiFi access is available in this homestay.
The property can organise excursions in the surrounding hills.
A shuttle service to/from the train station is also available.
Yumihari-no-Oka Hotel is a short 1-minute walk from the Yumiharidake Observation Deck.
This features traditional wooden furniture and a well-stocked bar.
At Hotel Excelsior you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
The wellness centre also features a solarium, hot tub and massage room.
The en suite bathroom is equipped with a hot shower and towels.
Guests can enjoy views of the mountains.
Every room has a private bathroom.
The guest house also offers car hire.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Verbier can be reached in a 45-minute drive.
Sopot is 42 km from Willa Koral, while Gdynia is 34 km away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
Drinks are offered at the bar.
Room service options are also available.
The bus stop is 50 metres away and the Motta Naluns Ski Area is 1 km away.
Horse riding facilities and a large park with a pond are next to the motel.
Alternatively, meals can be enjoyed in the comfort rooms.
You can walk to Rubicón Marina in 8 minutes. The centre of Playa Blanca is 12 minutes from the hotel on foot.
Fuheng Chinese Restaurant serves a variety of Chinese dishes.
The nearest airport is Sofia Airport, 50 km from Ski-in Ski-out Borovets.
This holiday home is 77 km from Billund Airport.
Hotel Torre Barbara features lush, Mediteranean gardens complete with a swimming pool and sun loungers.
Each room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
For your comfort, you will find bath robes and slippers.
Lac-Mégantic Golf Club is less than 3 km away.
Each has a TV and hairdryer.
Free WiFi access is available.
Split Airport is located 7 km from the property.
You can enjoy sea view and mountain view from all the rooms.
Złoty Róg restaurant serves traditional Polish cuisine with a modern approach.
Homemade cakes, yoghurt and more sweet items are served daily for breakfast.
The distance to Rostov on Don International Airport is 20 km from the property.
During summer months, the hotel terrace is a great place to unwind with coffee and cakes.
Public transportation links are less than a 10-minute walk away.
Verbania is a 15-minute drive from Residenza del Pascià.
The property offers free parking.
Laundry facilities are available on site.
At Chalet 19 by Mammoth Mountain Chalets you will find barbecue facilities. Other facilities offered at the property include ski storage.
The nearest airport is Utapao-Rayong-Pataya International Airport, 28 km from the property.
Breakfast is served in the winter garden.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Each room and apartment includes a private bathroom with a shower.
You can enjoy sea view.
Sabiñánigo is a 5-minute drive away.
Free on-site parking is also available.
They are equipped with air-conditioning, lockers and shared bathrooms.
There is also a shared living room.
The property offers free parking.
Leuven’s central market square is 150 metres away.
At Rusilovo you will find a garden and a terrace.
Free WiFi access is available.
A pebbly beach can be found within 1 km from the property.
There are various cycling and walking routes.
Centre of Mielec is 3 km away.
The B&B is 30 km from Rome Ciampino Airport.
At Hotel Oasis, you will find a terrace. Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
The pristine Phewa Lake is just 600 metres away.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
The house has a spacious lounge with sofas and a fireplace, and guests have access to the shared kitchen.
Galeão International Airport is located 19 km away.
It features self-catering accommodation with a balcony overlooking the pool.
Free parking is available on site.
A ski school is just a 3-minute walk away.
All accommodation units are individually decorated in romantic-style.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Located in Abano’s centre, Hotel Terme Milano boasts 2 swimming pools, a wellness centre, and a garden.
Vienna Central Apartments are located in the 4th, 5th and 6th district of Vienna.
A hairdryer may be available upon request.
Parking is also available.
Free WiFi is featured .
This hotel is on the picturesque island of Lidingö, 8 km from central Stockholm.
A garden and a sunny, furnished terrace with barbecue facilities are at guests’ disposal.
A washing machine and flat-screen TV are provided.
All luxurious rooms have a balcony or terrace.
For dinners, a seafood barbecue party can also be arranged after a long day of traveling and diving.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The unit equipped with a kitchenette with an oven and fridge.
Historical Braga is a 32 minutes by car.
A hot tub and a furnished patio are available in this self-contained accommodation.
Each air-conditioned apartment will provide you with an equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
The hotel also offers car hire.
Its rooms have private bathrooms and satellite TV.
Breakfast is served in the breakfast room or in the portico with views of the sea.
This property features both free WiFi and free private parking.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
They also include a seating area and a private balcony overlooking the city.
Free WiFi is available on site.
This features a gym and different saunas.
They come with a private bathroom stocked with toiletries and a hairdryer.
A bakery, delicatessen and grocery delivery service can also be arranged.
Free public parking is available at a location nearby.
It is fitted with box-spring bedden and the bathroom features a shower.
WiFi is available in all of the stylishly furnished rooms free of charge.
Within a 10-minute walk you can reach the centre of Bansko.
It is an 8-minute walk from Bad Steben Train Station.
Thai cuisine can be sampled at local restaurants, which are a 15-minute drive away.
Some guest rooms overlook the Place de l’Europe.
It is in the small village of Arcumeggia, about 9 km from the lake shores.
The bathrooms come with two showers and a spa tub.
Offering a restaurant, Au Aon Guesthouse is located in Ko Tao.
Free parking is available nearby.
It features many shops, restaurants and cafés.
Xianghu Tourist Resort is a 15-minute drive away.
Baza Otdiha Nezabudka also includes a sauna.
Laundry and room service are available at Shunde Dongcheng Hotel.
Kucukkuyu town centre is 2 km from the property.
The popular shops, bars and restaurants of York are within a few minutes’ walk.
B&B Nughe 'e' Oro is just 5 minutes' walk from Nuoro's restaurants and shops.
The hotel is located 30 minutes drive from Tel Aviv and 45 minutes from Ben Gurion Airport.
It produces and sells its own olive oil and wine.
You can enjoy mountain view.
Dubrovnik Euphoria Apartment is approximately 20 km from the international airport.
Buffet breakfast is also available, and there is a bar and a large terrace too.
There is a restaurant serving traditional Lithuanian dishes.
Day trips and area shuttles can be arranged at the tour desk.
Free WiFi is available throughout the air-conditioned hotel.
A TV is provided.
Cologne Bonn Airport is 72 km away.
Sunrise Blace Apartments also includes a sun terrace.
Shops and taverns serving Cypriot delicacies are 200 metres away.
The popular Banj Beach is a 15-minutes walk away.
The hotel itself is well-equipped and also has a conference room suitable for meetings and training days.
You can enjoy mountain view from the room.
Guests can enjoy either a cooked or a continental breakfast at the High Peaks.
The beach is 60 metres away.
Bellos Beach is around 12 km from Corfu Port.
A restaurant is available.
Guests can relax in the nearby Grugapark Botanical Gardens.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
The motel’s dining and living areas are for guests to share.
You can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
Laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services can also be provided at an additional charge.
Holiday home Kystagervej Odder IX is located in Odder. The property can accommodate up to six guests.
Corfu and its airport is 36 km from the property.
At Apartments Vukovic you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
The large sliding windows open to the private balcony.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
For meals, enjoy Chinese cuisine served at the on-site restaurant.
La Flambée Restaurant offers a traditional Provencal cooking and features a terrace overlooking the Luberon.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Parking is available for free.
Köröshegy Flekken Panzió Bed & Breakfast is located in a small village of Köröshegy, 3.5 km from the Balaton Lake.
There is a massage chair and a spa pool for 6 people.
Towels and bed linen are featured.
The Mayorca offers a 24-hour reception service that can arrange car rentals.
It features 3 fully equipped meeting rooms and free Wi-Fi internet access.
Breakfast includes fresh coffee and pastries, and vending machines are available for drinks and snacks.
All rooms include colourful decor and light wood furnishings.
The Pula Bus Station is 900 metres away from the property.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
A Ferry Port can be reached in 1.5 km.
The Best Western Hotel Bern features a restaurant with a bar.
The private bathrooms include either a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
The Avion Shopping Centre is 4 km away and Bratislava Airport is located 7 km away.
Mexico City Museum Zone can be reached in 20 minutes by car.
There is free parking on site.
Inner Circle is 4 km from Birla Mandir and 26 km from Hyderabad Airport.
A daily breakfast is offered which guests can enjoy in the bright breakfast area, also with lake views.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a tour desk.
Québec City Jean Lesage International Airport is 72 km away.
There is also a bar.
Free private parking is available on site.
The hotel features a Wellness Centre, conference rooms and a restaurant.
The property offers free parking.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Flåm and the famous Flåm railway is 1.5 hours away by car.
There are also a dining area and a living room with a TV and DVD player.
Biserujka Cave is 1 km away.
The nearest airport is Split Airport, 18 km from Apartment Taras.
Stolpnik Church is a 15-minute walk away.
An oven, a toaster and fridge are also featured, as well as a kettle.
A variety of restaurants and cafés can be found within a 5-minute walk of the hotel.
A further selection of restaurants can be found within a 5-minute driving distance of the accommodation.
There is also a kitchenette with a microwave and an electric kettle.
You can play tennis at this resort, and the area is popular for golfing and snorkeling.
There is also a floral garden and a children’s playground.
Plenty of dining options can be found within a 3-minute walk from PEOPLE Loft Tverskaya Hotel.
The elegant accommodations offer a TV and a private entrance.
Zadar Airport is located 11 km away.
The property offers free parking.
Ayvalik town centre is 4.8 km from the property.
The property boasts views of the mountains.
Free public parking is also possible on site.
A common lounge area featuring sofas and cable TV is also provided.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
There are also various restaurants in the surrounding streets.
At Holiday home Arcticvej Harboøre you will find a sauna and a hot tub.
Laundry services are available for an extra fee.
Featuring a hairdryer, private bathroom also comes with a bidet and bathrobes.
Experience a truly unique setting by the coast of Fethiye.
WiFi and private parking are free.
Guest House Himeji 588 is a 5-minute walk from Himeji Castle and Koko-en Garden.
There is a 24-hour front desk and shops at the property.
Prince Hotel Furano offers a bar, a public bath and an on-site shop.
The nearest airport is Narimanovo Airport, 6 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Apartment Strelbishchenskiy Per.
At Sunset Suites you can count on 24-hour front desk assistance and enjoy the bar.
Super Besse ski station is 15 minutes’ drive away.
Guests can visit the beaches in Bar, Budva and Bečići, all within 35 km.
Extras include a washing machine, bed linen and cleaning products.
The Solaris Aparthotel also has a terrace that can be used by all guests.
Bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
Staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist guests with luggage storage and laundry services.
Laundry facilities are available for all guests of the hotel.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Free private parking is possible on site and Taghazout is a 6-minute drive away.
Apartment Comfort also includes an indoor pool. Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
Bathrooms and toilets are shared while towels are available at an additional charge.
Parking is possible for free.
A barbecue is available for guest use. Free parking is offered.
Holiday home Ålbækparken Spøttrup XI is located in Ålbæk.
Utapao-Rayong-Pataya International Airport is 30 km away.
Madgaon Junction Railway Station is 13 km from the property.
La Palma Airport is 35 minutes’ drive away.
Belite Skali is 1 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are available at Modern Sea View.
Da Jing Yong Xin Hotel is 10 km from Yandangshan Railway Station.
The Gaia Hotel features accommodation with classic design and free Wi-Fi.
Featuring free WiFi, Hotel Mirador del Valle offers accommodation in Casarabonela.
Rooms at the Radisson Blu Madrid Prado are fully air conditioned and soundproofed.
They also have a small seating area with a flat-screen TV.
During fine weather, the beer garden and sunny terrace are the ideal place to relax.
Drinks are served on the hotel's terrace, which boasts fantastic ocean views.
Select rooms offer in-room hot tubs and a relaxing seating area.
It is about 42 km from People's Square and Pudong International Airport.
Dry cleaning services are offered near reception.
Lookout Darling features a furnished terrace where guests can relax.
You will find an electric kettle in the room.
The nearest airport is Alicante Airport, 67 km from the property.
There is also a living room with a dining table, sofas and flat-screen TV.
My Fair is a few steps from Lido di Jesolo town centre.
It offers well-equipped studios with TVs.
The full kitchen is equipped with a hob and oven.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Various cafes and restaurants are a 2-minute walk from Best Guest Porto Hostel.
With free Wi-Fi and air conditioning, all guest rooms open onto a private balcony.
Centrally located in Rome, Casa Monti is a 5-minute walk from Cavour Metro Station.
The commercial area and bus terminal are 900 metres away.
Parking is free.
The hotel is located just 300 meters from the centre of Passo Tonale and the ski-lifts.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
The free ski bus stops 50 metres away.
The property features views of the city is 39 km from Balíon.
Enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the garden or city.
All guest rooms feature a satellite TV and coffee-making facilities.
Port Fanari Guest House features free WiFi .
Garapuvu is 1 km from Joaquina beach and 3 km from Conceição Lagoon.
Free on-site parking is available as well.
The en suite bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer.
Each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
Each room here will provide you with a satellite TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
Free WiFi access is available.
The Chepe Train Station is 6 km away, while the Jípago Thermal Springs are 15 km away.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is offered.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible throughout the entire property.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
You will find a gift shop at the property.
Hotel York also features a TV lounge and a bar.
Chengdu North Railway Station is 3 km away.
Shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
The Grand Central Airport of Johannesburg is only 23 km away.
Luxor Paulo Miranda Home Service also includes a spa centre and fitness centre.
At Il Piastraio you will find a garden. The property offers free parking.
Guests will find numerous bars, restaurants and a shopping centre in the town centre, located 3 km away.
Ironing facilities are available at the property.
Sterling Hostel offers accommodation in Tbilisi city, 1.7 km from Freedom Square.
Keizersgracht Apartments offers accommodation in the centre of Amsterdam.
It is a short walking distance from Mega Mall.
It accommodates up to five guests.
Charming Studio Apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in Rio de Janeiro. Free WiFi access is available.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 48 km from Family Hotel The Lake.
A ski bus stops a 3-minute walk away and operates every 15 minutes.
The Bahy hotel offers comfortable rooms with a simple and functional decoration.
Guests benefit from balcony.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
The property provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
There also is a souvenir shop on site.
You can enjoy meals at the on-site restaurant or order room service.
The air-conditioned unit is fitted with a kitchen.
Beverages like wine, beer, juices and coffee in the buffet area during breakfast, lunch and dinner are offered free of charge.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
Fourways Inn is 10 minutes’ walk from Belmont Ferry.
It also has an outdoor pool, hot tub and a solarium.
Pension Nicoleta is 4.5 km from Horezu.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
The apartment is set on one level and is suitable for wheelchair users.
Astypalaia Town is 300 metres away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
A shuttle service to Turin Caselle Airport is provided.
A shared washing machine is available upon request.
There is a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
Offering a restaurant, Long Beach Guest House is located in Hikkaduwa.
The beach is 1 kilometers away.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
The surrounding area is popular for hiking, mountain biking and climbing.
Venice Marco Polo Airport is located 7 km away.
Sandwiches are available in the bar, and guests can enjoy afternoon tea in the leafy gardens or the cosy lounge.
A seating area and a minibar are in Murjan’s air-conditioned studios and apartments.
It includes a well-equipped kitchen, a washing machine and a private terrace.
Offering views of the garden and pool from its terrace or balcony, suites feature a sofa and a minibar.
Free private parking is available.
It features a swimming pool, fitness centre, and a sauna.
The restaurant serves light Austrian cuisine with many regional and organic products.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
BBQ facilities are provided on site.
There is free Wi-Fi in the lobby and 24-hour front desk assistance is available.
Lake Vrana Nature Park is only a few metres away.
Car rentals can also be arranged.
The Penzion Jurika’s restaurant features a fireplace and is decorated in rustic-style.
Guests can find a variety of cafés and restaurants in the vicinity.
You can enjoy your breakfast with a cup of tea or coffee, accompanied with lake views.
Hotel Belmonte is a 15-minute drive from Asiago.
Tortuga B&B features free WiFi .
The holiday park features free WiFi throughout the property.
Set in Odessa, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi.
Free private parking is provided on site.
Fax and photocopies are also available.
Free private parking is available on site.
The UNESCO-protected Masada Ruins are 20 km away.
All rooms come with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
Smoking and non-smoking accommodations are offered.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
A toaster is also available, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Along the coast guests will find plenty of hidden beaches like the São Lourenço Beach and Castelo Beach.
The tour desk specialises in Great Barrier Reef cruises and Daintree Rainforest tours.
A supermarket is located 500 metres from the hotel.
A traditional multi-course meal is offered for dinner and breakfast.
The nearest airport is Sanya Phoenix International Airport, 9 km from Sanya Westerly Island Chanyue Guesthouse. Nanshan Temple is 20 km away.
Each bungalow has a private bathroom with a toilet and a shower.
Ataturk Airport is 16.1 km away.
Guests have access to a shared lounge and shared kitchen area.
Extras include a washing machine and a quiet patio, where you can enjoy your meals.
The nearest airport is Chiang Mai International Airport, 85 km from the property.
The residence is 7 km from the GRA Ring Road, and a 20-minute drive from Fiumicino Airport.
Bed linen is featured.
The apartments are a 4-minute walk from the closest bakery Cafes and restaurants are also within a 4 minutes’ walk from the apartments.
Some have a wooden beamed ceiling or access to a terrace.
All units include a seating and dining area.
Staff also host pizza evenings with pizzas fresh from the wood-fired oven.
Guests can also take a trip to Klementieva Mountain (4 km).
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout the hotel.
Each offers complimentary tea and coffee making facilities.
Karaoke services and a beauty salon are also available.
Public off-site parking spaces are also available.
Guests can enjoy mountain and sea views from this property.
Campo Santa Margherita is a 12-minute walk from the property.
Start your day in the best way with the full breakfast buffet, unwind with a drink in the relaxing bar.
Appartement Annabel includes a laundry room with a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
Dalaman Airport is 45 km away.
Some rooms feature views of the sea or mountain.
A special diet menu can also be arranged.
Las Salinas Beach is 3.1 km from Surf Apartment Reñaca, while Los Marineros Beach is 5 km away.
The kitchen includes a hob, microwave and fridge.
Phsar Loue Market is just 100 metres away.
The pet-friendly accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
The rooms at the Manafe Al-Thahabyia Hotel have wooden furnishing and traditional decor.
Palm Jumeirah and Dubai Marina are 25 km from Burj Views.
It features a ground-floor bar with a furnished patio.
Alternatively, there are a Japanese restaurant and a café on the ground floor of the hotel building.
Free WiFi is featured .
For meals, enjoy authentic Lao cuisine served at the on-site restaurant.
Bike hire is available at this hotel and the area is popular for cycling.
Free Wi-Fi is available in common areas.
Free transfer from the airport can be arranged and WiFi access is available throughout.
Keomixay Hotel is a 2-minute drive from Laos National Museum.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
Each room has a flat-screen TV and clothes rack.
It features an outdoor pool and elegant rooms with a private balcony.
Free public parking is possible nearby.
All rooms are elegantly decorated with dark-wood furniture and marble bathrooms.
A hairdryer is supplied and guests have access to a shared bathroom, which is fitted with a shower.
It features sun terrace and free WiFi in public areas.
You will find a cash machine and hairdresser's at the property.
The nearest airport is Tivat Airport, 16 km from the property.
Historic Santa Fe Plaza is less than 1 mile away.
Pelagos Apartments also includes a sun terrace.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
In addition to the views, the spacious apartment is decorated with modern, Alpine-style furnishings and has an open-plan living area.
Daily breakfast is served in buffet style.
Guests can find a common garden and terrace at Praga Apartment Tyrsova.
The local area offers a range of mountain biking, kayaking and golf activities, which can be arranged through the hotel.
A seating area with a flat-screen TV and coffee-making facilities are also included.
Wachenheim (Pfalz) Train Station is 1 km from the guest house.
The guest house is 250 metres to the Main Square of Cusco and 300 metres to the Cusco Cathedral.
Guests can try local wines in the Vinothek wine cellar.
The Turnersee Golf Course is 3 km away.
A flat-screen cable TV and coffee machine are included in each room.
It also has a champagne and wine lounge.
The Ontario Convention Center is 4 minutes’ drive away.
Kovalam is 28 km from Thawakkul Residence, while Kollam is 42 km away.
The property offers free parking.
On-site parking is possible.
Rooms at the hotel Oscar are equipped with a TV. Each has a private bathroom with shower.
The property produces its own olive oil, jams and soaps.
Gym facilities and a barbecue area are a available.
Offering self-catering apartments, Lomas Loft is located in Santiago.
Terraces Kolobrzeg is located in Kołobrzeg, 750 metres from the beach.
Fuaye Bar, Sunset Bar, L'escalier Bar, Aqua, Marina Bar, beach Bar, Yelken Bar and Amphi Bar.
All rooms have a private bathroom and a minibar.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
The nearest beach is 150 metres away.
At Apartment Esperienza Mare 1 you will find a garden and BBQ facilities.
Noel’s on-site café serves homemade dishes and Russian specialities.
This beachfront resort is located in the secluded Hermitage Bay.
The property is located a 30-minute drive from Ragusa.
Bed linen and towels are provided, and free WiFi is available.
It offers apartments with a balcony and satellite TV.
Apartments are located in a same building in the small village of San Felíu de Guixols.
Bali Denpasar International Airport is about 6 km away.
All rooms come with private bathrooms and free internet access.
Guests will also find a shared TV lounge at the hotel.
Guests benefit from patio. Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Ski storage is also available.
Guests can store luggage at the 24-hour front desk.
Bolzano is 30 km from Schoenau, while Ortisei is 4.3 km.
It features a lush garden and free Wi-Fi throughout the premises.
Roberto Huembes Bus Station is 1 km away.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Best Mikhailovsky.
Towels and bed linen are available.
The Water Reservoir Orava is just 5 km and the Panasonic Factory 1 km away.
The hotel offers free shuttle service to the ancient town of Pamukkale.
The property offers free parking.
The bathroom is fitted with a bath or shower.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property, as well as a terrace where you can relax.
Safety deposit service is available at JJ Residence.
It features a gym, sauna and steam room, in addition to bookable beauty treatments.
Come and stay in the individually designed rooms of the Hotel Hottmann.
The property also houses a rooftop Indian restaurant and a nightclub.
Hallingskarvet National Park is a 25-minute drive away.
Bed linen is available.
Bolzano is a 30-minute drive away.
The airport is just a 10-minute drive away.
The backyard garden is the perfect spot to socialise with the other guests.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Free Wi-Fi is included in every traditionally decorated guestroom of this Calumet hotel.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
It offers classically appointed rooms with free Wi-Fi and a view of Visagintas town.
The centre of Skala Potamias is a 15-minute walk.
Apartments Mony is 1.9 km from Onofrio’s Fountain and 2 km from Dubrovnik Franciscan Monastery.
Santa Teresa View is located 1 km from Catete Metro Station.
Uspenivs'kyi Park is a 5-minute walk, and Mariupol’ Central Market is 7 km away.
Denia is 35 minutes’ drive from the property.
The kitchen features an oven, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a coffee machine.
Each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with a fireplace and TV.
The nearest access to the motorway is 10 km away.
Some rooms have a kitchenette where guests can cook.
The property is 8.5 km from Saint Lazarus Church and 6.5 km from Theofilos Georgiadis Park.
You can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather. Private parking is available on site.
You can play table tennis at the guest house.
This bright, self-catering accommodation features free WiFi and satellite TV.
The kitchen features a microwave.
Sugarloaf Mountain is 4.7 km from the property.
The beaches of Arenella are 7 km from the property. Noto is a 40-minbute drive away.
There is a 24-hour snack bar and guests can enjoy their meals on the terrace.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Some have a view of the boulevard.
An iron and a hairdryer are available upon request.
Guests will be 6.9 km from Blowing Rock Art and History Museum.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is 17 km away.
Private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
The catamaran port is 1 km from the property, while the ferries can be boarded 12 km away.
It is 150 metres from the Padre Sebastian Englert handcraft market.
Some rooms feature a private balcony.
Various local eateries and seafood dining options can be found close by.
All en suite bathrooms are equipped with a hairdryer.
Baiyun Scenic Area is only a 16-minute drive from the property.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Tan Son Nhat International Airport is 72 km away.
The nearest airport is Warsaw Chopin Airport, 8 km from the property.
Posada is 47 km from Domo's Altura.
Located in a peaceful area, Villa Tartaruga is a 15-minute drive from Porto Cervo.
Simferopol Airport is 38 km away.
The private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer.
It is a 5-minute walk from Ben Thanh Market and a 10-minute walk from the Opera House.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
The bathroom is fitted with a bathtub and free toiletries.
King Mohammad Bin Abdel Aziz Airport is 15 minutes by taxi.
Free BBQ evenings are organised once a week by the Winnewieser-Hof’s staff.
Jindabyne is a 50-minute drive away.
Each features a minibar and 42-inch LCD cable TV.
This country house is 70 km from Federico Garcia Lorca Granada-Jaen Airport.
Paraty Bus Station and the Modern Art Museum are both 2 km away.
The property offers free parking.
Shared use of a washing machine and clothes drier is also available.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is offered.
In winter, there is a 5% discount on 5- or 6-day children’s ski lessons.
The hotel offers elegant accommodation with free WiFi access throughout.
There is also a bar with refreshing alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
Coffee is provided free of charge at the lobby from 15:00-22:00.
Spacious accommodation with free Wi-Fi and stylish interiors are offered here.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be reached by foot and free WiFi access is provided in the accommodation.
There are supermarkets and other amenities immediately surrounding the Apartment M&C Nuremberg, as well as a number of restaurants and cafés.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, meeting facilities and a games room.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
The sweet Venetian breakfast consists of milk, coffee, bread, juice, cereal, and cake.
The kitchen is equipped with a stove and oven.
Some include a fan.
Beatrix, the on-site neighborhood restaurant, serves unique uniquely inspired cuisine for break, lunch and dinner.
The property offers free parking.
Modestly designed rooms at Paris Hotel include a TV and orthopaedic beds.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
It provides a basketball court, 24-hour front desk and free WiFi.
Meals can also be enjoyed on the terrace.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are available.
Shops and traditional restaurants are 800 metres away.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Cadwell Park (5.7 km).
Providing free Wi-Fi, it offers a tour desk and 24-hour reception.
A sun terrace and barbeque facilities are available.
The Warmbad Villach Thermal Spa is 10 km away, and it is 12 km to the Gerlitzen Ski Area.
Guests can prepare their meals in the fully-equipped kitchen.
Set on the banks of the Marne Canal, this hotel features a seasonal swimming pool in the garden.
The Topkapi Palace and Grand Bazaar are 5 minutes by foot.
Each room at the hotel features satellite TV, a fridge and air conditioning.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The nearest tram stop is just 1.5 km away.
Rooms feature wood floors and beamed ceilings.
The bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
The hotel’s Long Bar features a library, billiards and dance floor.
Served daily, a continental breakfast is offered daily for guests to enjoy.
Cam Ranh International Airport is 20 km away.
There is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator, oven and kitchenware.
For meals, there are a lot of dining choices located nearby.
The hotel’s restaurant serves traditional Mexican food and has a terrace.
A hairdryer is supplied in the bathroom.
Guests may enjoy the city views with Canton Tower in the room.
Facilities include secure courtyard parking and a children’s play area.
Room service is also provided.
Palawan Museum is 1.4 km away while the beautiful Honda Bay is 5.6 km away.
International food is served in the Mangold restaurant and outside on the terrace.
Other facilities offered include luggage storage, a terrace and a rooftop garden.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Cable TV with pay-per-view movies is also provided.
The caravans come with a furnished outdoor area, a kitchenette and a sofa.
Free private parking is possible on spot.
Guests are welcome to work out in the gym or use the business center.
Split Airport is 8 km from Peach Apartment.
Guests can relax at the sauna.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a private bathroom with a shower.
It offers free parking and free continental breakfast.
Some rooms offer views of the lake.
Guests are welcome to use the computer with free Wi-Fi in the on-site business center.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Hotel Ocean Promenade is within a 10-minute drive of the Blaine Municipal Airport.
Within 900 metres guests will find the St. Stephen’s Cathedral and the Kärnterstraße Shopping Street.
The en suite bathrooms come with a shower.
WiFi is available in the restaurant, as well as in most rooms.
Guests can enjoy meals and a drink in the hotel terrace or in the lounge.
Talca Airport is located 10 km away.
Saryarka Velodrome is 1 km from Apartments EXPO Boulevard 97.
Extras include a desk and bed linen.
The Gaylord National offers many on-site dining options like the Old Hickory Steakhouse Restaurant and the Pienza Restaurant.
At the Bohémien, breakfast is served in a spacious and bright lounge, or in the guests rooms.
Guests of the Apartamento Charmoso are welcome to cook their own meals in the kitchen, enjoying them in the dining area.
This downtown Yuba City hotel is less than a 1-minute drive to Yuba Sutter Mall.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Studio In A Palace offers accommodation in Cannes.
Guests can enjoy 1 parasol and 2 sun loungers at a partner beach.
The accommodation is spread over 2 independent floorss.
Apartamentos Plaza Mayor are situated 400 metres from Llanes Beach and the town’s train station.
All of the rooms at Hostel Instanbul Belgrade feature a clothes rack and a safety deposit box.
The Belmore B&B features free WiFi .
The restaurant provides South Tyrolean specialities.
Offering a restaurant, Landgasthof Lindenhof is located in Steingaden.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 27 km from Alex Beach Apartments Sveti Vlas.
Matera Cathedral is 400 metres away.
The apartments have 1 or 2 bathrooms with a hairdryer.
Added conveniences like access to copy and fax services are sure to please business travelers.
All are equipped with air conditioning, cable TV and en suite bathrooms.
Beauty services can be provided at extra charge.
Studios and apartments come with a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette.
Every room at this resort is air conditioned and features a flat-screen TV.
Grand Bleu Ocean View Pool Suite is 4 km away from Jungceylon Department Store.
All units include a flat-screen TV.
Cool Feel Rest is a guesthouse offering cosy rooms with a private bathroom.
The private bathroom has a shower.
The house has air conditioning, heating, and barbecue facilities.
The apartment will provide you with a flat-screen TV. There is a fully equipped kitchenette with an oven.
You can enjoy pool view.
The UNESCO-listed Bryggen Wharf is a 13-minute walk from the hotel.
Bar & Lounge is available for coffee and tea during the day and cocktails at night.
The nearest grocery store and a bar are just 10 metres away.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Shili Guesthouse offers accommodation in Suzhou.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
The reception is open 24-hour and the residence features a laundry.
A private bathroom with bath or shower is also available.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
International meals are served in the Olivenbaum restaurant.
Other on-site conveniences include an ATM machine, business centre and free parking.
Christian Francis' Sapphire Suite Penthouse 09 offers oceanfront views.
Each room at this guest house is air conditioned and offers a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
They include a seating area and a kitchen with fridge and a Nespresso coffee maker.
The bathing lake Faakersee is located 5 km away.
The luxurious rooms at Naladhu Private Island Maldives are fitted with free Wi-Fi.
At the property a vending machine selling snacks and drinks is also available.
Free WiFi is available in the restaurant, where guests can enjoy the continental breakfast that is served.
The nearest airport is Krakow - Balice Airport, 78 km from Leśny Dworek.
Thessaloniki Airport is 65 km away.
The rooms have a modern style with an authentic Moroccan touch.
The nearest beach is just 50 metres away.
Spanish style heaven B&B features free WiFi throughout the property.
At Bellevue Villa you will find barbecue facilities.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi. The property features a bar and car for hire.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Free parking is provided.
Free parking is available on site.
Landvetter Airport is 80 km from the B&B.
It also offers a supermarket and a bicycle rental.
Praslin Island Airport is located 43 km away.
At Apart Praia Posto 3 there is a 24-hour front desk.
A continental breakfast can be enjoyed daily, with regional jams and bread toast.
Each offers a bar cabinet with Nespresso coffee machine and kettle.
Free WiFi is available .
East Midlands Airport is 38 km from the property.
A daily maid service is offered.
Corferias Convention Centre is a 5-minute drive away.
Each has a furnished terrace.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Shuttle from Florianópolis or Navegantes Airport, 16 km away, can be arranged.
Houma Golf course is 1.5 miles away, and it is 17 miles to Black Bay.
The balcony is furnished with a table and chairs.
Its accommodations have a view of the garden and the lake.
A private balcony or patio is standard in all rooms.
The nearby Karaagach River is suitable for fishing.
In approximately 20-minute drive by car is the Congress centre, while by bus it will take around 35 minutes.
away from the property, respectively. Yangon International Airport is 16 km away.
Room service and barbecue facilities are available.
North Apartment is an apartment located in Amsterdam, 2 km from Beurs van Berlage.
San Teodoro is 600 metres away.
The nearest airport is Lien Khuong Airport, 23 km from the property.
Free parking is provided on site.
Guests can also utilize the luggage storage space and laundry services.
The Strunjan Nature Reserve is 4 km away.
You will find kitchenware in the room.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the lobby.
All types of restaurants can be reached within a walking distance.
The hotel is 2 km from Fateh Sagar Lake, Udaipur Bus Stand.
The nearest airport is Kurumoch International Airport, 33 km from the property.
Each room here will provide you with comfortable stay and a balcony.
Hammam treatments and massages can be booked, and there is also a bowling alley.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can use the on-site laundry facilities and the express check-in/check-out services.
Kalibo Airport is a 2-hours drive away.
They all have a view of the garden.
The Black Sea is within a 12-minute walk.
It offers rooms with free WiFi and free continental breakfast.
In good weather, food is served outside on the terrace.
The restaurant serves healthy snacks and meals each evening.
Hong Kong International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Kazan International Airport, 27 km from Apartmant na Amirhana.
Area activities include hiking and day trips along the Golden Circle.
Guests can relax in the communal lounge or watch TV.
The property is fitted with central heating and air-conditioning.
On-site parking is free.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Trabzon Airport is 8 km away.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The property has water sports facilities and bike hire is available.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
You can enjoy sea view and mountain view from the room.
Guests can also order room service.
Free WiFi is offered .
Air conditioning comes standard.
Certain units have a seating area where you can relax.
Free coffee and tea are offered.
All the classic-style rooms have a minibar and a safety deposit box.
Stone Town and Zanzibar International Airport are both situated within 60 km of the lodge.
Public parking at a nearby location is for free.
The nearest airport is Astana International Airport, 12 km from the property.
The unit fitted with a kitchen with an oven and microwave.
The coastal Narrow Gauge Railway Retro is 200 metres away.
Rooms come with a balcony, flat-screen TV and refrigerator.
The house offers an open and a covered terrace with views over the landscaped garden.
Cala Talamanca Beach is 10 minutes’ walk away.
Each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletry set.
BaiMai Kitchen and April Room both serve a selection of Thai and Western dishes.
The centre of Mestre is a 10-minute walk away from Hotel Giovannina.
A free internet point is available at the 24-hour reception.
Hotel La Riviera is located 4 km from Altea and 8 km from Benidorm.
Hotel Aurelio is just 800 metres from the A1 motorway exit of Caserta Nord.
It offers a restaurant, free daily newspapers, and free WiFi access.
Free parking is also available.
Qinglong Gorge is 18 km from the property.
Each morning a buffet breakfast is served in the dining area.
Access to 2 onsite pools and hot tubs are featured.
The kitchen or kitchenette is equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
You can relax with a drink by the swimming pool and enjoy the peaceful surroundings.
Upstairs there is a bedroom with views of the Pacific Ocean.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
The property offers free parking.
The beach is just 4 Metro stops away.
Warsaw Chopin Airport is 4.4 km away.
Praia Mole Beach is located 1.6 km away whilst Joaquina Beach is within 2 km.
Huay Nam Dang National Park is located 25 km away from 32 Coffee Hill & Resort.
Lanna Saithong Resort is a 5-minute drive from Sansai Market.
It offers homemade food, free WiFi and rooms with sea views.
Almería is 90 km from the Cortijillo and Cartagena can be reached in just over an hour by car.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
Houston city centre is 30 miles from the hotel.
Indonesian and Sundanese specialties are served at The Radiant Restaurant.
The nearest airport is Valencia Airport, 8 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy the free parking facilities on-site.
At Casa Bianca Holiday Home, guests are provided with a patio.
A choice of restaurants and shops are located in the surrounding streets.
Free private parking is on site.
A refrigerator and tea- and coffee-making facilities are also provided.
Both properties include air conditioning and a kitchen.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Cvjetni Square is 2.6 km from Apartment Artemos, while Archaeological Museum Zagreb is 2.7 km away.
An array of activities is offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
Tranum Beach is an 8-minute drive from the holiday house.
Private bathrooms with bathroom toiletries can be found in all rooms.
A full breakfast is offered daily, including a wide array of hot and cold items.
You can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms.
Hotel La Spezia - Gruppo MiniHotel is a 15-minute tram ride from Milan Cathedral.
The property includes 2 private bathrooms with a hairdryer.
Bathrobes, slippers and a hairdryer can be found at the minimalist bathroom.
Several restaurants and a mini market can be found 200 metres away.
It features a shuttle from Kyoto Station, an indoor pool and 5 restaurants.
Rooms have contemporary décor, and for guests’ convenience, they are equipped with a minibar and microwave.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
All rooms include a TV with cable channels.
Japanese and Western style meals are served for breakfast in the dining area.
From Monday until Saturday, freshly baked bread rolls are available at a surcharge.
They offer a lounge area with a flat-screen TV and DVD player.
Free WiFi access is available, and a daily continental breakfast is served.
Activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings include skiing, cycling and hiking.
Lots of water sports facilities are available on the beach.
All bed linen and beach towels are provided.
Costa Village provides round-the-clock security.
Featuring a bath, private bathroom includes a hairdryer and bathrobes.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
There are sea, garden or river views from each.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
The City Art Gallery BWA is 80 metres from the property and the airport is 4.5 km away.
Certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
The property offers free parking and a carport.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with bathrobes.
A shared, fully equipped kitchen is available for the guests to use.
Extras include slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer.
They are all heated and equipped with a TV.
All rooms have air conditioning and heating.
This 2-bedroom suite has a private entrance via the garden, which includes garden furniture.
You can benefit from the spa centre, massage facilities and beauty shop.
Green Diamond Hotel is a 45-minute drive from Noi Bai International Airport.
Massages are available on request.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom.
Free WiFi access is available.
Every room has a flat-screen TV.
Accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a terrace.
The Main Bus and Train Station is 300 metres away.
Boasting a Belle Epoque-style façade, it features a restaurant and modern rooms with a balcony.
Yusentei Park is a 15-minute drive away.
The games room includes board games and there is a pool table for some entertaining moments.
The tour desk can assist guests with making travel arrangements.
The bathrooms come with two showers and a spa tub.
Split Airport is 20 km away.
The bathrooms are private and include a shower and toilet.
Both Pecs and Mocacs are 25 km away.
Villa Moret is a breachfront apartment located in Nuevo Vallarta.
You will find a 24-hour front desk and hairdresser's at the property.
Split Airport is just 4 km away.
The resort also provides babysitting and laundry services.
Forest Park is a 20-minute drive away.
There is a spacious lounge, breakfast, and dining room area.
A washing machine is also available.
Marrakech Menara Airport is ideally located 30 km away.
It features a restaurant, business centre and complimentary Wi-Fi access throughout its premises.
This four-bedroom home can accommodate up to 8 people.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Start the day with a delicious breakfast, served buffet-style in the restaurant.
Newport Municipal Airport is 23 km away.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a minibar. There is also an electric kettle.
Massages can be arranged on request.
Free WiFi access is available, as well as free public parking off site.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
At Villa Onar you can find a garden and BBQ facilities.
It features a daily breakfast and free WiFi.
Featuring a bath or a shower, bathrooms also come with towels.
Staff at the reception desk can assist with luggage storage service.
It takes 35 minutes to drive to Noi Bai International Airport.
Appenzell is 11 km away, and St.
At Apart Eggli guests can also relax in a garden featuring barbecue facilities.
It also has a well-equipped fitness centre and a business centre.
The property offers free parking.
Denizli city centre is 28.5 km away.
Other facilities at Heinola Holiday Home include a terrace.
Patio MiniHotel is located in Tolyatti, surrounded by green forests.
Apartment "October" is a self-catering 5th floor accommodation located in Yaroslavl.
The Villa is comprised of 23 elegant rooms, equipped with all modern comforts.
A washer and clothes dryer is also provided for guest convenience.
Coffee making facilities are also included.
Breakfast is available for an extra charge.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the property.
The reception is open 24 hours a day and guests can leave their valuables in the safe.
Agrokomplex Exhibition Centre is 1 km away.
They have allergy-free linen.
You can find air conditioning and a shared bathroom inside.
A selection of shops, restaurants and cafes are within a 15-minute walk of the property.
Breakfast consists of homemade cakes, cold meats and local cheeses.
The property offers free parking.
A fitness centre is available for guest use at 2B Suites by Canada Suites.
It offers free Wi-Fi throughout and free public parking on site.
There is also a café.
Guests can spend a lazy afternoon by the garden pool surrounded with sun loungers and umbrellas.
Tribhuvan International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
Rooms feature a TV and free toiletries.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Kronos also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
Hotel Gold Leaf is 500 metres from the market and the city palace.
Hiking and mountain biking trails start right on the doorstep.
Room service is available for limited hours.
Sarajevo International Airport is 11 km away.
Offering free Wi-Fi access and free private parking, this hotel was opened in 2011.
Rendao Chinese Restaurant serves a variety of Chinese dishes.
Rambla Boutique Apartment features a living-dining room with direct access to a balcony with city views.
There is a covered and private bicycle garage in the hotel.
The centre of Rethymno Town with its scenic Venetian harbour is at a distance of 10 km.
Long Market is 700 metres from Apartament Danziger, while Long Bridge is 700 metres away.
At Clair de Lune you will find a bar. Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Towels are available.
The apartment is located in the basement offering daylight.
Lindos is at a distance of 4 km, while a variety of water sport facilities can be found within 3 km.
Some rooms boast a balcony.
Leidseplein and the Jordaan district can be reached by taking tram 10.
Towels and bed linen are featured.
Sovanphum Hotel is located about 20 metres from Sangke Lake in Battambang.
All cabins have a veranda and views of the gardens and river or pond.
Extras include a desk and bed linen.
Hotel Emma’s restaurant serves traditional cuisine from the region.
The Woodbridge Center Mall is 9 minutes' drive from the Fairfield Inn & Suites Woodbridge.
A buffet breakfast is prepared daily and includes sweet and savoury products.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Each room here will provide guests with air conditioning, a balcony and a small patio.
The property is 1.7 km from the bus station with links to Taormina and Siracusa.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the property.
The unit is 10 km from Izmaylovsky Kremlin.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The one-bedroom apartment will provide you with a living room including a cable tv.
At Brusnika Hotel Nagornaya you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared kitchen.
The Jefferson Memorial is 2 km away.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is featured.
Le Richelieu is situated in the centre of the picturesque village of Le Boulou.
An outdoor courtyard with seating options is provided at La Quinta Tallahassee.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in all rooms and a free continental breakfast is available to guests.
The property offers free parking.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Plaza Catalunya and the famous Las Rambras are both 2 stops away by metro.
Guests can enjoy local dishes at the onsite restaurant.
A continental breakfast with Belgium waffles is served daily.
Free parking is on site.
Superior rooms include a spa bath or a sauna. A TV is provided.
It offers rooms with free Wi-Fi access and flat-screen TVs.
The Comforsuite is well communicated with local services such as restaurants, bars and public transport.
The property offers luggage storage for guests’ convenience.
Guests can also relax in the lobby bar or on the roof terrace.
The rooms also include a minibar and a designed bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
They are complete with an en suite bathroom.
SanPier - Alquileres Temporarios is a self-catering accommodation in Allen.
Free private parking is available.
Fitted with large windows, Zagreb’s rooms are spacious and airy and are also decorated with soft carpets.
Some rooms feature a fireplace and a bath tub.
A TV, Yukata robes and air conditioning are included in each.
All apartments have a furnished balcony looking out to the green garden of the hotel.
Hotel provides meeting rooms for those who wish to conduct business on site.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Bus stop is 100 metres from the property and the nearest restaurant is 1.5 km away.
The private bathrooms include a shower and a hairdryer.
Homestay La Camera Della Lettura is located in Rome, next to Termini Station.
It features free WiFi throughout the property.
It offers free Wi-Fi and country-style accommodation with a loggia with garden views.
Guests enjoy sea and pool view.
The Hotel Zur Linde has a garage for bicycles and motorbikes.
Towels and bed linen are also provided.
For dining option, guests can explore the surrounding area where various restaurants can be found just a 5-minute walk away.
Free-to-use barbecue facilities are available.
It offers rooms with air conditioning and a balcony each and breakfast on site.
Adams Inn and Suites is located in Adams, WI.
The hotel also provides room service and a 24-hour front desk.
Towels and linens are included.
Novorossiysk is 25 km from Mozhzhevelovy Ray.
The hotel is a 15-minute walk from Universal Studios Singapore.
This holiday home offers a terrace and can accommodate up to four guests.
Entertainment for kids if offered in high season.
The Golden Gates are just 500 metres from the hotel, and Sofia Cathedral is 400 metres away.
7Days Inn Xi'an Railway Station East Plaza is located in Xi'an.
Fortezza da Basso exhibition centre and the train station are both a 10-minute walk away.
Within 1 km, guests can find restaurants and bars.
Rita's House is an apartment set in Sanremo, 600 metres from La Pigna.
Each room comes with a fridge, a dining area, and a bathroom with a shower.
The 3 bars serve a wide variety of drinks and light snacks.
Free WiFi is provided.
The house is composed of 3 bedrooms, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, and 2 bathrooms.
Royal Albert Hall is 1.5 km from Magic Apartments - Bayswater.
The front desk is staffed 24/7.
Guests can enjoy meals in the comfort of their rooms.
Thermopyles Village is 25 km and Agios Konstantinos Port is 6.8 km away.
You can also store your luggage at reception.
Wolf Creek Ski Area is 20 minutes’ drive from Windsor Hotel & Restaurant.
Bright and spacious, air-conditioned rooms all come with a cable TV and a private balcony.
They come with air conditioning, a hairdryer and a safety box.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Free private on-site parking is available for guests at the rear of the building.
A concierge service is available at the Suite Agata Monti Colosseo.
The apartment has a spacious dining room and a kitchen with an oven. There are 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom with a bath tub.
The hotel offers an indoor/outdoor pool and rooms with a 32-inch flat-screen TV.
It houses a restaurant and offers free WiFi access and private parking.
Urbino is a 40-minute drive from Gli Ippocastani Agriturismo.
Guests can benefit from fitness centre free of charge.
Dry-cleaning and laundry services are available.
The closest airport is Honolulu Airport, 41 km away.
The popular Ben Thanh Market is less than 3 km from the hotel.
The stylish private bathrooms come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Free WiFi is offered .
Breakfast can be served daily on request.
Its air-conditioned rooms come with a plasma TV and overlook the pool and the gardens.
Each room has a flat-screen TV. The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is located 6.7 km away.
The restaurant is open only for dinner and serves regional and Italian cuisine.
Taiping International Airport is about 50 minutes' drive away.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
Featuring a shower, ensuite bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
All air-conditioned, accommodation here features a fridge and private bathroom.
Guests enjoy a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace with scenic views.
Accommodation comes with a flat-screen TV and work desk.
A further selection of restaurants can be found within a 20-minute walking distance of the accommodation.
Uralskiy Guest House is located in Adler, 220 metres from Black Sea beach.
A unique centre for sound-energy therapies awaits you at the Oswalda-Hus.
There is a living room with a sofa, TV and DVD player.
Room service can be requested for in-room dining comforts.
The ferry port of Thasos island is 45 km from Astris Sun Hotel.
They come with shared bathroom facilities.
The property offers free parking.
The nearest airport is Heraklion International Airport, 32 km from Scorpios-Apts.
Each room here will provide you with shared bathroom facilities.
Guests can relax in the sauna or the hot tub.
Blick zum Wasserfall is located in Sankt Leonhard im Pitztal, 10 km from Sunna Alm.
Free WiFi access is provided in all areas.
This Residence Resideal is located next to La Croisette, in central Cannes.
Featuring a hairdryer, private bathrooms also come with a bidet and bathrobes.
Meals are served buffet style or à-la-carte.
Offering a garden, it is 25 km from Mont Saint-Michel and 20 km from the sea.
The rooms come with an attached bathroom.
WiFi is provided in some of the rooms, for free.
The rooms come with a TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
The nearest airport is Cam Ranh International Airport, 29 km from Lasan View.
Luggage can be stored at the property upon request.
Metropol Hotel also provides a private garage, with an extra cost.
The nearest airport is Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport, 76 km from the property.
Kizilay Metro Station is 5-minute walk away.
The front desk of this San Jose hotel is open 24 hours a day.
Other provisions include a flat-screen and green tea.
Private parking is available on site.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
Free private parking is available on site.
Some apartments are located in a separate building, 600 metres away.
It offers an outdoor pool, BBQ facilities, and a children's playground.
Free parking is provided at the hotel.
A bus stop is 50 metres away.
The nearest airport is Vladivostok International (Knevichi) Airport, 13 km from the property.
The private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
Each includes air-conditioning, carpeted floors and wood furniture.
You will find a hairdresser's at the property.
A free shuttle is available to/from Lampedusa Airport, 3 km away.
In the rustic dining room, guests can enjoy breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Many restaurants and cafés are within a 5-minute walk of the Veksel.
The property houses an indoor pool, a gym, and accommodation with a kitchen and free WiFi access.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Tomas Ruiz Apartamento includes a patio and a washing machine.
Some rooms have bathtubs and can accommodate up to 4 guests.
The rooms at Hotel SanMar feature wooden floors and a desk.
You will find a kettle in the room.
You can order home cooked meals for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Besançon Train Station is 23.1 km away.
The Relais has been completely refurbished using original materials.
It features a sun terrace where you can enjoy drinks from the bar. Parking is free.
The town of Boppard is 5 km away.
Laundry facilities and a 24-hour reception are also available.
Extras include bed linen.
Rooms include a TV, tea and coffee-making facilities and a private bathroom.
Free WiFi access is available.
Bicycles can be rented at the property.
The kitchen features a dishwasher.
The restaurant serves traditional Albanian food.
Alicante Airport is 64 km from the property.
The on-site Japanese restaurant is open for lunch and dinner.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 23 km from the property.
The coastal town of Belmullet is 15 km from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Deak Ferenc Square Metro Station is only 900 metres away.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
All unique guest rooms offer free Wi-Fi.
Giedrys lake is famous with bream fishing.
All rooms are equipped with a minibar and tea/coffee maker.
The Opera Theatre is 450 metres away.
All guest rooms feature a microwave and small refrigerator.
Rimini Station is 2.7 km from the hotel.
All rooms at Riverside Hotel are brightly furnished with fresh décor.
Each room has an en suite bathroom and all rooms offer a view of either the sea or Mahdia town.
Free bicycles are available, for guests wishing to explore the natural trails of the region.
Each room comes you with a TV and a wardrobe.
Check-in is available until 22:00.
Apartment Alberto 1 also includes a sun terrace. The property also offers grocery delivery.
Apartment Permskie Medvedy is set in Perm, 3.4 km from Galereya Shopping Centre.
Guests can use a shared kitchen on the ground floor that has a Swiss coffee machine.
During the summer months, local cuisine, including fried fish, tuna and beef dishes, is served in the restaurant.
Guest can start their day with a breakfast served at the hotel’s dining area.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Some shared bathrooms have a hot tub.
The hotel provides spacious non-smoking rooms with an individual design.
A cable TV is featured in each room at Super 8 Mount Vernon.
Each one includes a living room with a dining area and a kitchen complete with a fridge and an oven.
The property offers free parking.
Each one comes with a work desk.
Both the Humanitas and San Matteo hospitals are about 20 minutes' drive away.
It features accommodation with sea or garden views as well as free Wi-Fi access.
Within 300 metres of the property, guests can find the local food market and a supermarket.
The bathroom is provided with free toiletries.
Each room is simply furnished and equipped with a fridge.
At My Resort Hua Hin Service Apartment By Chutha you will find a garden and a terrace. Other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
Lucca is a 20-minute drive from the property, while Pistoia is 45 km away.
They are all fitted with a TV and have a kitchenette and a dining area.
Santorini Airport is located 5 km away.
The private bathrooms have a shower.
The kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
Cold, refreshing drinks are offered at the bar.
Free international calls to 60 countries worldwide can be made from the rooms.
The nearest airport is Surat Thani Airport, 22 km from the property.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
A gym and spa are available.
A daily breakfast is included.
It offers free Wi-Fi and free parking on site.
Lake Bohinj is 3.8 km away.
This hotel in Calheta, Madeira is located along the peaceful Levada Nova Trail.
There is a bondfire pit - wood is provided.
Each has a private balcony or terrace and some have a private entrance.
Meals are not available on site but there are various eating places in the area.
Each room here will provide you with cable TV and a seating area.
Hotel bar offers a selection of sushi dishes.
Villa Piaggetta is a 15-minute drive from Castelfiorentino Train Station.
Rhodes Town is 17 km away.
All public areas have free Wi-Fi access.
There is a kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator.
Bed linen is available.
A ski storage room is available on site.
Scenic Cheonjiyeon Waterfall, lighted up at night, is a 5-minute walk.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, a balcony and a seating area.
Guests of Karczma u Dargoscha can organise a barbecue or bonfire on site.
You will find a variety of restaurants and shops in the vicinity.
Extras include a hair dryer.
Free WiFi is available.
The well-decorated rooms come with free wired internet.
Brindisi is 33 km from the property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at Ritsi Hotel.
Set in Rumia, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi.
A bus stop is next to the property.
Some rooms have sea views towards St Helier Bay.
Free parking is provided.
It also offers a bicycle and car rental service.
Each soundproofed room is complete with a balcony and a private bathroom.
Sharp Mountain Vineyards are 9.5 miles from the hotel.
Free Wi-Fi is available at reception and in the Andalucia’s snack bar.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a bidet.
The hotel features free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool, and a fitness center.
A breakfast is served every morning.
Valet cleaning services and laundry facilities are both available on the premises for added guest convenience.
A scenic waterside promenade along Norrmälarstrand Stockholm Town Hall begins 300 metres from the property.
The hotel is 14 km from the famous Juhu beach.
Phuket International Airport is a 50-minute drive away.
A balcony offers pool views.
The Sansevero is on the second floor of a building of the 1960s.
Most rooms include a view.
The 2 private bathrooms come with a shower.
Apart- Hotel Manov also includes a terrace.
There is also a games room and a terrace.
You can borrow a portable tablet and games from reception.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
Free WiFi and parking is available.
Guests can visit the Palmengarten (palm garden), Hufeland thermal baths, and Hyllige Born spring.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
King’s Square Garden is just a few minutes’ walk from Dreamhouse Apartments London City.
The property offers free parking.
The rooms have air conditioning, an LCD TV, a work desk, and a small seating area.
All rooms in the Jicin hotel feature a satellite TV and tea and coffee making facilities.
All rooms are equipped with air conditioning, and flat-screen TVs.
The nearest airport is Côte d'Azur Airport, 7 km from the property.
Charles Square Central Prague Apartment also includes a fitness centre. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar and restaurant.
Each room has a flat-screen TV and tea and coffee facilities.
Gorlero avenue is 8 km from Blue Marine Apartment, while Brava beach is 8 km from the property.
The Bella Vista Beach Hotel is 12km south of Corfu Town and 11 km from Corfu Airport.
The shops, restaurants, bars and cafes in Ambleside are just 200 metres away.
Free Wi-Fi and a full kitchen are provided in guest rooms.
The nearest restaurants are also available just around the corner.
Some units feature a terrace and/or balcony.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The Gouffre Mirolda caves are 30 km away and an airport shuttle service is available on request.
Tuxtla Gutiérrez Airport is 1.5 hours’ drive away from the Jovel.
The hotel is a 10-minute walk to Night Market and Nam Khan River.
It provides a fully equipped shared kitchen, a TV lounge and a garden.
It is 7 km from Naggar Castle and 40 km from Manikaran.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player is available.
You can enjoy city view.
Rooms have rustic Tuscan-style décor and far-reaching views of the mountains.
The hotel’s position in the Garmisch district offers easy access to a stimulating range of leisure opportunities.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
There property offers a beautiful lounge room with garden furniture and a library room.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Located 1.9 km from Luzhniki Stadium, Apartment Mosfilm offers accommodation in Moscow.
Hotel Oberschmied also offers a free fitness room, a sauna and a children's play room.
Daily breakfast service is available.
The bed and breakfast also offers car hire.
You can enjoy lake and mountain views from the room.
This 3-star hotel is located in the town of Greifswald, between the islands of Rügen and Usedom.
Signal Hill Golf Course is just 600 metres away from the Majestic Beach Resort.
The rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower. A flat-screen TV is provided.
Luxembourg City is 30 km from Gîte Schmalen.
It is 1 km from Lenin Prospect and 7.5 km from the Zaporozhye Pervoye Train Station.
Guests can relax at the hot tub or utilise the hotel’s massage services.
The private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer, bathrobe and a shower.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Each comes with an electric kettle, a fridge and kitchenware.
The reception desk offers fax and copy services.
The City Bus Station is 2 km while the Kushok Bakula Rimpochhe Airport is 3 km away.
Other facilities at Scandic Pori include a bar and children's play area.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner are all served aboard the Safari Boat.
Free private parking is also available at this apartment.
Matahari Department Store and Taha Syaifuddin Airport are both 20 minutes’ drive away from the property.
Chambre d'hôtes Les Bienvenus features free WiFi throughout the property.
Apartments Maraž also includes a barbecue.
Jeju International Airport is 38 km away.
Chieri's Hotel La Maddalena is located 600 metres from the city centre.
The Aurora Cruiser and the Neva River Embankment are just a 3-minute walk from the hotel.
It is surrounded by many restaurants, bars and cafés.
The property has been awarded the Leed Gold Certification.
Guests can enjoy the sea views, the furnished terrace and the garden.
This property is 83 km from Thessaloniki.
Cagliari Elmas Airport is 11 km from the property.
The public outdoor- and indoor swimming pool Freizeitzentrum Neustift is 1 km away.
Bathrooms include free toiletries.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
All rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV and an electric kettle.
Ajaccio with its port and airport is 40 km away.
The nearest airport is Simferopol Airport, 61 km from Apartment on Ochakovtsev 35.
Transfers to and from Lofer Train Station are available on request.
The Rodos Palladium staff offers cooking classes and aqua aerobic.
Bobbejaanland Amusement Park is a 14-minute journey by car.
Amfibius Water Park is 2.2 km from Delphin apartments.
Bed linen and towels are also included.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
A kitchen with a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker is included.
The property can help assist in arranging hiking trips.
A restaurant is located 200 metres from the property, and the next supermarket is 1 km away.
Sommerland Sjælland is a 30-minute drive from Hotel Den Gyldnehane.
The apartments are a 20-minute drive from Cottbus, and free parking is provided.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
The air-conditioned unit is 1.5 km from Batu Belig Beach.
The 2-storey Villa Margarita features air-conditioned rooms equipped with TV, refrigerator and hairdryer.
With a wood burning stove, the traditional bar offers a wide selection of single malt whiskies.
The city centre of Kampot is 500 metres away while Bokor Mountain is 42 km from the guesthouse.
Free WiFi access is available.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 68 km from Night in Magic Villins Book.
Breakfast is available every morning at the Restaurant Zur Furth, which features an authentic Chinese interior.
Breakfast is served daily at an extra cost and guests can enjoy their meal in the garden during the summertime.
You will find a kettle in the room.
The closest bus stop is located 500 metres away.
Free RV/truck parking is provided as well.
This is served in the breakfast room in front of the cosy fireplace.
The nearest airport is Rome Ciampino Airport, 19 km from the property.
There is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Guests will appreciate free Wi-Fi throughout the whole hotel, and free parking spaces outside the hotel.
Bedrooms at the hotel are spacious and elegant.
Drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
Recreation choices include enjoying a relaxing massage.
Harrah’s Metropolis can be reached in 7 minutes’ drive.
Holiday home P. Snejkers Vej Ringkøbing IX is located in Søndervig.
The property is 2.5 km from Nice-Ville Train Station and 7.5 km from Nice Côte d'Azur Airport.
La Pointe de la Hague, Barfleur and Barneville-Carteret are half an hour’s drive from the manor.
Guests can have snacks and beverages at the snack bar.
Lake views can be enjoyed from some rooms, as well as from the restaurant.
The international airport of Larnaca is at a distance of 65 km.
Mandalay Villas also includes an outdoor pool.
Ski storage and meeting room can be arranged at the hotel.
The Želiv Monastery and the Lipnice Castle are 10 km and 12 km away respectively.
The centre of Breguzzo is 10 km from the property.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen. A TV is provided.
Located in Yekaterinburg, this apartment features free WiFi.
At Enteveedu Homestay you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Breakfast includes home-made wheaten bread, and there is free parking.
Guests can play a round of tennis or rent a bicycle to explore the surroundings. Travel arrangements can also be made at the reception.
Each capsule is fitted with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV.
Each room has access to a shared toilet.
A hot tub and a spa bath are present in some rooms.
Extras include bed linen and a fan.
The St. Stephen's Basilica and the Chain Bridge are within a distance of 800 metres.
A safety deposit box and a telephone are also available.
Diagonal Mar Park and Barcelona’s marinas can be reached in 20 minutes by foot.
It offers air-conditioned apartments with free Wi-Fi access. .
It provides a shuttle bus service to the Hua-Hin Night Market.
The classic-style apartment is air conditioned and has a balcony and a TV.
It offers a convenient car rental service.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Private parking is free on site.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
feature Asian-inspired décor and a private balcony with views of the pool.
The nearest airport is Paris - Orly Airport, 10 km from Hotel Foz.
Arbatax is 13 km away.
Room service is available.
Some include a hydromassage shower.
Tenerife Sur Airport is located 40.8 km away.
Some have a fireplace.
The nearest airport is Alicante Airport, 10 km from Apartamento Postiguet 2.
Free WiFi is available in common areas.
A breakfast buffet is provided in the hotel restaurant.
Some units feature a terrace and/or balcony with garden views.
Guests can enjoy sea and river views from all the rooms.
The guest house offers a shared kitchen, where guests can prepare meals.
Rantasalmi village centre is a 20-minute drive away.
Ngurah Rai International Airport is reachable in about 3 hours by car.
The property offers free parking.
It is a 1-bedroom apartment with self-catering facilities and free Wi-Fi.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Cyprus University of Technology (1.2 km) and Wine Museum (1.2 km).
Free WiFi is accessible in all areas.
The property is a 5-minute walk from Bab Boujloud Gate.
Free continental breakfast and free WiFi are available to guests of this hotel.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is 7 km away.
Enjoy international dishes and hearty regional specialities in the Landhaus restaurant.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a children's playground.
Banyoles Lake is 24 km away and Roses is a 40-minute drive from La Quadra de Can Muní.
Listowel Golf Course is 8 km away.
It offers yoga, Ayuvervedic treatments and massages.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Breakfast and dinner are prepared with local, natural products.
It features an outdoor swimming pool and free Wi-Fi.
Millau and its train station are 40 km away.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site cocktail bar, while there is also a pool bar.
It includes croissants, cakes and fresh fruit.
Ironing facilities are also provided.
Bengaluru International Airport is located about 180 km away.
Each room here will provide you with a tile/marble flooring and balcony with sea view.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The garden is fitted with deck chairs. Here, guests can relax in warm months.
Featuring free Wi-Fi, it offers a gym, sauna and a hot tub.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
Guests of the hotel can play billiards or go skiing, with ski lifts located 500 metres away.
Various services including grocery deliveries, dry cleaning and shuttle service are also offered.
Split Airport is located 29 km away.
The apartment features 2 separate bedrooms and a kitchen with a dining area.
Tbilisi International Airport is 15 km from Lions Hotel.
Further services available at a surcharge include laundry and ironing services.
The Anne Frank house is a 10-minute walk.
Each one is individually decorated and also features an LCD TV and free Wi-Fi access.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 8 km from Sans Apartment.
You can play table tennis at the hotel.
Free WiFi is available.
The centre of Drage Village is within a 2-minute walk.
All rooms come with a flat-screen TV. Each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
There is a small selection of restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk of Hotel Agua Miel.
Free private parking is available on site.
The cosmopolitan Elounda is at 9 km, while Plaka Village is 14 km away.
Iconic São Jorge Castle is just 550 metres’ distance.
The Kooyambedu (CMBT) Bus Station is 30 km away.
You can also choose to relax on the property’s equipped sun terrace on the roof.
Free private parking is available on site.
The home is equipped with TV, DVD player, washing machine and fans.
Many shops and restaurants can be found in Chamonix.
Mariinsky Theatre is 11 km from the property.
All soundproofed guest rooms feature a minibar and a refined décor.
There is a grocery shop available 200 metres away, while a fish restaurant can be reached in a few steps.
All spa and wellness facilities are available at a surcharge.
Local cuisine with organic produce is prepared in the evenings.
Only 500 metres away from Galata Tower, it features an in-house bar.
This air-conditioned apartment features a fully equipped kitchenette and dining area.
The property offers free parking.
Rejuvenate at the spa and sauna, and with a massage.
Some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a flat-screen TV.
Free guided walking tours in Bucharest are offered, and bicycles are available for rent.
There are private and shared bathrooms.
Extras include bed linen and a fan.
The Crawford County Fairgrounds are 10 minutes’ drive away.
Each has a patio with wooden outdoor furniture.
Some rooms have a fireplace while some have river views.
All rooms at the Orchidea Blu Hotel are en suite.
Aeroparque Jorge Newbery Airport is located 6 km away.
You can engage in various activities, such as golfing and hiking.
Free WiFi is available.
There is also a gift shop featuring Sami handcrafted goods.
Union Station-Downtown Toronto is 40 minutes' away.
Free laundry facilities and free parking are also provided.
An agriturismo nearby serves Maremma dishes at discounted rates.
Vince's House is located in Rome and it consists of an apartment with private balcony.
There is a large dining area and a fully equipped kitchen.
It is a 10-minute drive to Whangarei Airport. Whangarei Falls are only 7 minutes’ drive away.
The artisans fair is 5 blocks away Wi-Fi is free and there is 24-hour bar service.
Bicycle and hiking tours are organised by the owner.
The guest house is 1.4 km from the lively area of Trastevere and 1.5 km from the Colosseum.
Free WiFi access is available.
Ruo Dong Nightmarket is a 30-minute drive away and Songshan Airport is a 55-minute drive away.
Breakfast options include cold, continental options or a cooked breakfast.
An airport transfer service, shared lounge, and tour desk are provided for added convenience.
These apartments at Pineapple Fields feature a TV and air conditioning.
All of the tastefully furnished en suite rooms have TVs and tea/coffee making facilities.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Special diet menus are available upon request.
Flisvos Marina is 4.2 km from Coconut Villa, while Glyfada beach is 5 km from the property.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
It offers a 24-hour room service and free parking on site.
For guests exploring the region by car, secure parking is free on site.
The airports Rotterdam The Hague Airport and Brussels Airport are located at 110 km from the property.
Baldo degli Ubaldi Metro Station is 2 km from the property, while the Vatican Museums are 1.5 km away.
Szucha Apartment is located just 600 metres from the Belweder Palace.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is available.
Guests can enjoy breakfast, which is served daily at the on-site restaurant.
The air-conditioned rooms have tatami (woven-straw) floors and futon beds.
Eagle Bahn Gondola is 5 minutes’ walk from the holiday home.
Extras include bed linen. A daily breakfast is included.
Dinara Ayurveda Resort is located in Hewaheta and offers comfortable stay.
The access to the sauna and the ski school can be booked separately.
Isani Metro Station is a 10-minute walk from the Gis.
It offers an outdoor pool, restaurant and a bar.
The property offers free parking.
Appartamento Comi offers accommodation in Casamassella.
Apartments Loncar also includes a terrace.
Danube Plaza Hotel is situated in the heart of Ruse and right at Svoboda square.
All rooms have a private balcony and offer free Wi-Fi.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Free parking is possible nearby.
Some rooms include views of the sea or garden.
Pulkovo Airport is 24 km from the property.
Electric blankets are provided, along with ironing facilities, hairdryer and shower/bath.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
A buffet breakfast is available.
There is a fully-equipped kitchen with a dining area. Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Laundry service and luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
The sandy beach is located 50 metres away.
In the Luckai restaurant, down-to-earth, regional dishes as well as Asian specialities and seasonal specialities are on offer.
It features an outdoor pool, daily continental breakfast and free Wi-Fi.
The property offers free parking.
More advanced riders have the opportunity to take more varied adventures along different trails.
The bathrooms are either private, or shared.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, a balcony and a seating area.
Each accommodation units features either a kitchen or a kitchenette and a private bathroom.
Hotel Sentral Pudu is within a 20-minute walk from Pavillion Mall and Petaling Street.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Robert Henri Museum, the childhood home of the famous artist, is within one mile of the hotel.
Ouranoupoli is 42 km from Sweet Orange, while Vourvourou is 28 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Downtown Rising Sun.
Guests are given a voucher for an Italian breakfast in the café opposite the New Inn.
Amenities such as a TV and a radio are available, plus views of the gardens and the surrounding mountains can be enjoyed from here.
Rooms come with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The apartment is 3.8 km from Bayterek Monument.
Many have a private balcony.
Nowa Sztukateria offers accommodation in the Old Town of Szczecin.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bidet.
There is also a roof top restaurant serving drinks and light meals.
There is a full kitchen with a stovetop and a microwave.
A spa bath is featured in all rooms at Inn at the Delta.
Select rooms include a small refrigerator and microwave.
Select rooms and suites have a balcony with a view and a spa bath.
You can engage in various activities, such as golfing and cycling.
Several restaurants, banks and stores are situated nearby.
The kitchen features an oven and a toaster.
There guests will find stores, cafe bars and cinemas.
A microwave, a refrigerator and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
Bed linen is provided.
Juanda International Airport is reachable within a 45-minute drive.
Air conditioning is available upon request.
The property offers free parking.
The house includes 2 bedrooms, a living room with a tiled stove, a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace.
Stanley Theatre is a 5-minute drive from Utica Red Roof Inn.
Guests can enjoy mountain views.
Each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony.
You will find a kettle in the room.
At Latitude 8, guests can enjoy a great coffee and evening snacks in a relaxing atmosphere.
Some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
The property is 3 km from Ao Nang Krabi Boxing Stadium and 3.5 km from Nopparat Thara Beach.
The seating area allows guests to relax with some satellite TV.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
There is also a secure room available for bicycles or golf equipment.
The nearest airport is Samui Airport, 8 km from the property.
Horse riding is available on site at a surcharge.
Studencheskaya Metro Station is within 7 minutes’ walk.
Each room features a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom.
The bathroom facilities are shared, while extras include bed linen and towels.
These apartments offer balconies, free Wi-Fi and free sheets and towels.
Each comes with a tea/coffee maker and a private bathroom.
Each has an LCD TV with cable channels and a hairdryer.
Each comes with air conditioning, a patio and a private bathroom.
At Los Suenos Del Mar 3E you will find a private beach area and a tennis court.
Agadir International Airport is 100 km from the property.
McCarran International Airport is located 6 km away.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
You may find 7-11 Convenience Store less than 100 metres away from the hotel entrance.
The Holzhotel Forsthofalm was awarded the EU Ecolabel 2012 and the Aphrodite Spa Award for Ecology and Sustainability.
Sports City is a 5-minute walk away from Al Noor Apartments.
The unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and fridge.
Safed is about 9 km away.
Kirchberg village centre can be reached in the same time.
MARE is located just 100 metres from the sandy Baltic coast in Scharbeutz.
The shared lounge has comfortable bean bag chairs and is available for all guests.
This is an entirely non-smoking property with a designated smoking area.
Featuring air conditioning, Apartment on Stanislavskogo 8 offers accommodation in Adler.
La Mansarde features free WiFi.
Travel information is available at the tour desk.
Guests enjoy a complimentary valet service and free golf buggy hire.
Upon request, guests will receive American breakfast and dinner services.
Other facilities at HomeRez - Apartment Koutsolotremithis st include a terrace.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Other facilities at Ca Vostra include an outdoor pool.
Rooms also feature tea and coffee facilities, a hairdryer and radio.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
There is a selection of restaurants within a 10-minute walk of the accommodation, and the nearest supermarket is 1 km away.
Guests can enjoy views of the Giza Plateau from the rooftop terrace.
Mountain and garden views can be enjoyed in all rooms.
Additional features include free private parking on site and air conditioning.
The hotel has a business centre that provides fax and photocopying services.
The hotel is 5 km from Calis Beach and 13 km from Oludeniz Beach.
Gallery Lux Hotel is situated next to the Hattai Park, 3 km from the centre of Baku.
The Lotus Hill, Baomo Garden and Dafushan Forest Park are a 10-minute drive away.
After a drink in the bar, you can also sample Indian cuisine in the on-site Bombay Brasserie.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
In the bar you can enjoy a drink.
Apartments Legrand is set in Brussels, 1.2 km from Avenue Louise. Horta Museum is 1.5 km from the property.
They come equipped with safe, a desk and a flat-screen TV.
The renowned Portimão Museum is 1.5 km away from the property.
Each room features simple décor and includes a clock radio.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
There is free public parking available at the property, and the E40 motorway is a 30-minute drive away.
An amusement park is 15 km from Hotel National.
Marvelous space is located in Lisbon, 5 km from Amoreiras.
The Danube riverbank is 600 metres away and the tram no.18 stops 30 metres from the building.
It provides free private parking.
At Chayka you will find a 24-hour front desk.
You can play table tennis at the property, and bike hire is available.
All rooms include a flat-screen TV, CD player and a private bathroom.
Each room and suite available in different designs, for different needs.
We are fully licensed and guests are welcome to join us for a drink at the bar or on the terrace and dine with us in the restaurant.
The rooms come with a TV and a private bathroom.
Wanjia Oriental Chain Hotel is a 20-minute drive from Tianluokeng Tulou Cluster.
Each unit has a private bathroom.
Golden Chicken Hostel provides affordable accommodation only 800 metres from the vibrant Dong Ba Market.
There is a private bathroom with free toiletries in each unit.
A 15-minute car ride from Grand Hotel leads to Jamtos Mall.
Milas-Bodrum Airport is 47 km from Moonstar Hotel.
São Jorge Castle is a 21-minute bus ride.
Parking is free.
Onjala is located 40 minutes' drive from Windhoek Hosea Kutako Airport.
A sports centre next to the Danube River is at a distance of 500 metres.
A buffet breakfast is provided each day at Weserschlösschen.
In-room facilities include a flat-screen TV and hairdryer.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Paveletskaya Metro Station is a 10-minute walk away.
Evening meals and drinks can be delivered by room service to the motel units.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Bali Denpasar International Airport is 5 km from the property.
A washing machine can be used by all guests in the apartment house.
Scopello and its beaches are a 10-minute drive away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
Guest House Lovcen is located in Cetinje.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchenette.
The accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, seating area and a patio.
Shuttle services from and to the airport are provided upon charge.
Airport shuttle services are offered upon request and at a surcharge.
“Thalassa”, the Municipal Museum of the Sea, is a 1-minute walk from Nestor Hotel.
The kitchen includes a washing machine and microwave.
St. Peter Lighthouse is 1.8 km away.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
Free private parking is available on site.
Public parking spaces are a 5-minute walk away.
A work desk and slippers are featured in guests’ rooms at the Pristan Hotel.
Wi-Fi is free throughout.
River Reuss is 2 km away.
The apartments have kitchen facilities including a microwave and a fridge.
Please note that the hotel does not accept American Express cards.
It offers free Wi-Fi.
Olympic Stadium is 8 km from East Residence, while Khreshchatyk is 9 km from the property.
Some feature a private bathroom with a shower.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
There is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with fridge.
Apartments come with a fully equipped kitchenette.
Room service can be requested for in-room dining comforts.
Guests can avail of fax and photocopying service.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
A carport is available free of charge.
It provides free private parking.
You will find restaurants and a grocery shop within a 5-minute walk from the studio.
Ferry, Bus and Train Stations are 500 metres from the property.
Within 100 metres from the property you will find a super market and a bakery.
Teatro Antico theatre is 1.2 km from Casa Oasi.
Traditional breakfast is served in buffet style.
Spalding is home to restaurants, pubs, and shops.
41 on Cedar is a Halaal property and serves breakfast upon request.
Niriides Studios is situated 38 km from the city of Rethymnon and 40 km from Heraklion.
The living room has a rustic feel, with its exposed wooden beams and a stone fireplace.
The hills of Chianti are within 35 km of Il Corbezzolo.
This farm stay produces its own honey and olive oil.
There is a bathroom with shower and a washing machine is also available within the studio.
The surrounding countryside offers a variety of activities to enjoy.
Accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and a patio.
The birthplace of Sri Adi Shankara, Kalady is 5 km.
The property is 280 metres from Gare du Midi and 1.4 km from Manneken Pis.
Bed linen is provided.
Some also have a balcony.
Yaremche is 11 km from Usadba Tatarchik, while Vorokhta is 7 km away.
The nearest airport is Bratislava Airport, 7 km from the property.
Local restaurants are located within a 5-minute walk from the resort.
They feature a minibar, TV and marble countertop sinks in their all-white bathrooms.
Kazan Arena is 10 km from Usadba Liesnoy Dvor, while Soyembika Tower is 13 km away.
It offers free WiFi access.
Lucca is a 35-minute drive from the property.
Altidona town centre can be reached in 10 minutes by car.
Laundry facilities are shared.
Explore the lake using one of the kayaks and canoes available for hire.
The Turia Gardens, set in the the River Turia’s old course, are less than 300 metres from the apartments.
Gozo Escapes is located in Ghasri in the centre of the Island of Gozo.
Each room coffee-making facilities and an en suite bathroom at Blue Pine Motel Panguitch.
Bed linen is offered.
The lakeshore is just 10 minutes away on foot. Salò is a 10-minute drive away.
Each room has a minibar and a seating area. The attached bathroom comes with a bathtub with whirlpool.
Downtown Paramaribo is 3 km away.
Chiang Mai International Airport is 6 km from the property.
The kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, stove, kettle and fridge.
It is a 1-hour drive from Lake Constance and Neuschwanstein Castle in Füssen.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
They also have a balcony.
Nearby activities include canoeing, hiking, and cycling.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Within a 10-minute walk, guests will also find restaurants and bars.
Christopher St – Sheridan Square underground station is 2 minutes’ walk.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
The Aqua Park is 2 km and free public shuttle service is available.
The Goa International Airport is 60 km away.
TESCO hypermarket is within a 5-minute drive, while the famous Port Dickson beach is a 30-minute drive away.
Offering private beach access, barbecue facilities are available on-site.
A pillow menu is also offered.
Gelendzhik Airport is 6 km away.
Deck chairs are available.
The gym and swimming pool offers guests the opportunity to get some exercise.
There are an additional 2 bedrooms set in the pool house.
Del siglo shopping Mall is 300 metres away.
Extras include a desk, bed linen and ironing facilities.
Facilities include satellite TV, a microwave and a coffee machine.
Parking is available on site.
Pian di Spille Agriturismo serves an Italian breakfast every morning.
Guadalajara International Airport is a 35-minute drive away.
Central Blowing Rock is less than 10 miles away.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a fridge and stovetop.
Chata w Rabce - Bajkowa Osada offers accommodation in Rabka.
Makarska Bus Station is at a distance of 800 metres, while the Ferry Port is within 1 km.
The nearby area offers a wide range of restaurants and pubs.
Both bathroom includes a bath, massage shower and toilet.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Every room has a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
This hotel enjoys an idyllic location in the Jura mountains in the canton of Basel-Landschaft.
A simple breakfast which includes bread, eggs, coffee and milk is provided each morning.
Free WiFi access is available.
The Escorial Palace is only 15 km from the hotel.
Javea’s beach and town centre are less than 3 km away.
The property also has 5 hectares of vineyards, which it is possible to visit on request.
Regional dishes can be ordered at the property’s restaurant.
Accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a balcony and pay-per-view channels.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
It offers a cafe and free on-site parking.
Polanco, an important business district in the city, is 8.7 km from the hotel, while the financial district is 5 km away.
Amenities like a microwave and ceiling fan are included in every room.
This property is 1 km from Bliss Beach Club and 3.8 km from Laguna Phuket Golf Club.
The train station is a 12-minute walk away.
Suvarnabhumi Airport is located 23 km away.
Central Park is a 30-minute walk from the property.
For guests’ comfort, it boasts a 24-hour front desk and free Wi-Fi.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Guests can also relax on the terrace, which is equipped with tables and chairs.
Public parking is possible on site at an additional cost.
A buffet breakfast is provided each morning in the bright conservatory of the Gartenhotel Luisenhof.
Accommodation is provided in shared and private rooms.
The Pompidou Centre is a 20-minute walk away.
Apartament Lawendowe Wzgórze is a self-catering accommodation located in Gdańsk.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each apartment has access to a glazed veranda overlooking the mountains.
This accommodation features free WiFi and private parking.
La Ferme Chauvet is 35 km from Le Mans.
. The property offers free parking.
Varna Airport is located 62 km away.
This hotel is less than 15 minutes’ drive from Decatur city centre.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Bikes can be rented free of charge.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
A spacious seating area is provided with some rooms.
The beach is a 10-minute drive away.
There is a minimarket 500 metres from the property.
Son Termens Golf Club is set 1.5 km from the property.
A supermarket can be found just 10 metres away, and restaurants 50 metres away.
Free WiFi access is available.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is available.
Island Krk is connected to the mainland by bridge, 3.6 km away.
A buffet breakfast is also available.
Kaohsiung International Airport is about 25 minutes' drive away.
The nearest airport is Portela Airport, 6 km from Casa do Monte.
The Špindlerův Mlýn Ski Area can be reached within 6 km.
A daily buffet breakfast is provided.
Alpine Meadows Ski Resort is 4 minutes’ drive away.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Velké Losiny Spa and the Dlouhé Stráně Reservoir can be found within 5 km.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
The Villa is 2 km away from Golden Sands.
Gdynia Główna Train Station is 500 metres away.
The bathroom comes with a bathtub.
Casa Yuyihuen features bright rooms with wooden furnishings and a cosy décor.
The hostel also offers car hire.
When back unwind by the swimming pool of Hotel Mirabeau.
It consists of 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and a living room with kitchenette.
Offering a restaurant, Manus Bonas is located in Tertenìa.
Bike hire is available nearby and the area is popular for hiking.
Some rooms feature a balcony.
Guests have free access to the indoor pool, saunas and beach area. Free WiFi access is available.
The U Arena is located 2 km away from the hotel.
This elegant hotel is next to Copenhagen Central Station and opposite Tivoli Gardens.
Supermarkets and restaurants can be found 500 metres away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Hotel Piccolo Paradiso is 12 km from Salò.
It features free WiFi in all areas.
Buses to Barcelona Airport run every 15 minutes from Plaza Catalunya.
It has an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and lounge chairs.
Some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a TV.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Situated in the former stables, the guest room has a terrace overlooking the garden.
There is a local shuttle bus service which you can take to the cliffs.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible throughout the hotel.
The Podjavornik Ski Area is located 8 km away.
The property offers free parking and laundry facilities.
The hostel has a barbecue and views of the city, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
At Hotel Lakend you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
A variety of massages are available at an additional cost.
Minimundo Theme Park is 2.3 km away.
The El Cason’s restaurant offers a free buffet breakfast each morning.
The property offers free parking.
Holiday home Arvidvej I Dnmk is located in Bjerregård.
Guests can enjoy a rich, fresh and varying breakfast buffet at the hotel.
The surrounding area is ideal for outdoor activities, such as hiking and fishing.
Hot and cold shower facilities are in the en suite bathrooms.
Malaga Airport is 130 km from the property.
Hotel Shaddai is located in central Palenque.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels, as well as a CD player are offered.
Casa Buonaparte, the property where Napoleon Bonaparte was born is 100 metres.
There is a dining area and essential kitchenware.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge and luggage storage.
The studio offers a fully-equipped kitchenette.
Pavlovskiy Bus station is 10 km away.
Paphos City is 10 km away.
Hosteria Posada Drake is 800 metres from Puerto San Julian Bus Terminal Station.
The property offers free parking.
Prague Castle can be reached within 3 km.
Madrid Experience has free WiFi, air conditioning and city views.
Pas Aleksandra also includes a barbecue.
Guests can enjoy free parking space.
A shuttle service is available at a surcharge.
It provides a bathroom, fitted with slippers and a hairdryer.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher and oven.
You can relax in the garden after sightseeing.
This hotel is just off I-45 and 17 miles from downtown Houston.
Apartments at El Palmar are spacious and bright, and all have a large private terrace.
It offers self-catering accommodation featuring air conditioning and a garden.
Cai Rang Floating Market is 5.2 km away from the hotel.
A sweet continental breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room.
Urbino is 40-minute drive from the property.
The air-conditioned rooms at Hotel 89 come with a cable TV and minibar.
The hotel also features a seasonal outdoor pool and hot tub with rock sculpture.
Elegance Hotel 81 is a short 10-minute walk from Lavender MRT Station.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Room service is available as well.
Free public parking is available on the street outside the property.
A business centre and vending machines are also available.
Rooms have a private bathroom.
There is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in every unit.
The apartments are a 1-minute walk from each other.
Almirante Marco Andrés Zar Airport is 53 km away.
Located in the centre of Rome, the property is a 5-minute walk from Piazza Navona and the Pantheon.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
The accommodation will provide a TV, satellite channels and a fireplace.
Those who drive can park on-site for free.
The in-house restaurant serves multi-cuisine dishes.
En suite bathrooms have hot-water showers.
Breakfast is a generous buffet.
Cologne city centre is 8 km away, while Cologne Bonn Airport is 21 km from the property.
It offers basic guest services and free Wi-Fi in all areas.
Each has a private bathroom with shower.
The area is popular for cycling and hiking.
Some units also feature a balcony.
You will find a TV and a kettle in each room.
The well-lit work desks include an ergonomic chair.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is featured.
Private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
The apartment features free WiFi.
The bus to the centre of Cassino stops 100 metres away.
The centre of Ischia is 5 km away.
Souvenirs can be bought at the gift shop.
It boasts an on-site golf course, casino and a full-service spa.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Mont d'Arbois (300 metres) and Petit Vorasset Ski Lift (600 metres).
Agriturismo Fondo Gesù is 5 minutes’ drive from Sala Bolognese town centre.
Santos Dumont Airport is 4.5 km away.
Guests can relax on the sun terrace.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is featured.
Soak up the evening sun in a hammock.
Guest rooms are decorated in traditional Mexican décor with modern amenities.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony with sea views.
A hot tub, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception are featured at Hotel Imperial.
Complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has kitchenware and an electric kettle.
The shopping street of Kneza Mihailova is 3 km away.
Rooms are bright and well-appointed.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 20 km from 3M Guest House.
Every room is fitted with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The port is 25 km from Cleo's Dream Villa. Thira Airport is 20 km away.
Asia Garden Hotel is located in Ningbo, 1 km from the shopping outlets at Tianyi Square.
Legoland is 31 minutes’ drive away.
An outdoor swimming pool is featured at this Kelowna property.
Some rooms have access to a balcony and views of the surrounding gardens.
It is only a 5-minute drive from Zhengzhou High Speed Railway Station.
The nearest restaurant is 100 metres away, and a supermarket and Bürserberg town centre are 4 km away.
They are equipped with cable TV and a minibar, and bathrobes and slippers are provided.
Barbecue facilities and grocery deliveries are also offered.
All guests also receive free access to a nearby gym.
The hotel serves a breakfast plate in the mornings.
Guarulhos International Airport is 74 km away.
Guests can play a game of pool or table tennis in the games room.
Certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Bicycle rental and shuttle services are also available. The property offers free parking.
The tiled bathroom features a shower.
Private parking is free of charge on site.
Norbit Usługi Noclegowe features free WiFi .
The nearest airport is Karlovy Vary International Airport, 23 km from Pension Medard.
The hotel also offers drinks at the well-stocked bar.
All apartments at the Artemis provide a TV and air conditioning.
Jerez de la Frontera is a 55-minute drive away.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
Pescheria del Garda Train Station is 8 km from Camping du Parc.
All come with a spacious bathroom.
The nearest airport is Danang International Airport, a 15-minute drive away.
The property offers free parking.
With free WiFi, Epy House Roma is 800 metres from the Labaro Train Station.
Each heated room has city views and is equipped with a TV.
The luxurious Phoenix City Hotel is located in Guangzhou, a 20-minute drive from Pazhou Exhibition Center.
Free private parking is available on site.
It is 17 km from El Plumerillo Airport.
Golden Tulip Barcelona features free WiFi throughout the property.
Dining area, dining table and ironing facilities are also available in each unit.
They also feature tiled floors and a mosquito net.
Guests can enjoy an à la carte menu at the restaurant, or a quick meal at the snack bar.
A restaurant is available on site.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
The living area has a sofa, satellite TV and fireplace.
Room service is available for in-room dining comforts.
It boasts a spa, fitness centre and outdoor pool.
All rooms offer free Wi-Fi.
Kalemegdan Fortress with the city Zoo is 2.5 km from Slavija Apartments.
The property offers free shuttle services to the Dolonne ski slope which is 1 km away.
Apartamentos Macba is a 5-minute walk from Las Ramblas and the MACBA Modern Art Museum.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven and fridge.
Piazza Duomo is 100 metres from Duomo Suites & Spa, while Catania Cathedral is 100 metres away.
The hotel maintains its own bodega from which guests can taste a number of different wines.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Each suite features a TV, sofa and free minibar.
The hotel is an ideal base for exploring the beautiful Copper Canyon region.
Yevpatoriya is 30 km away and the Simferopol Airport is 80 km away.
It offers self-catering accommodation with views of the Ionian Sea.
Free private parking is available on site.
A microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker are included.
Featuring a terrace, Beith Hotel offers rooms with air conditioning in Kochi.
Vilnius Airport is located 5,5 km from the property.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
A hairdryer is provided in each of the private bathrooms.
The private bathroom is complete and comes with free toiletries.
Set less than a 5-minute walk from the beach, T Hotel is offers accommodation in Rimini,
The studios all have a balcony with outdoor seating and garden views.
They can also make use of the gym, and relax afterwards with a shiatsu massage.
Sainte Agathe golf course is 15 minutes away.
All rooms come with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
There is also a shared lounge where guests can have a relaxing time chatting with each other.
There is a patio with an outdoor dining area, perfect for al fresco meals or a glass of wine.
Marbella and Puerto Banús are also nearby.
It is a short walk from the ski lift and buses.
Guests can wind down at Carbin Bars located a 5-minute walk from the property.
Enjoy beautiful views of the Gulf of Venice, the lagoon and the Dolomites.
The Emerald Bay Golf Club is less than 15 miles away.
The 2 private swimming beaches at the lake can be used free of charge by all guests.
Various music events take place in BO KA Pubi and guests can also relax with a drink there.
Guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area.
Here, guests can relax in the shared TV lounge or use the communal kitchen.
Dining is available in the evenings for in-house guests by request.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Table Mountain is just 3 km away.
Puerto de Pollensa Beach is 6 km away.
The property offers free parking.
Set on 2 floors, the house combines original stone details in the walls.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Offering an outdoor swimming pool, Hostal Marina Real is located in Manta.
The apartment’s bathroom has a shower.
The rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is located 17 km away.
Each room has a modern, shared bathroom that is situated in the hallway.
A shuttle service can be arranged upon request for an additional fee.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
It offers free Wi-Fi and a terrace overlooking the mountains.
WiFi is available for a surcharge.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are also available upon request.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
Offering free parking and free Wi-Fi, this property features a bar and a garden with outdoor pool.
Zwin nature reserve and the Belgian border are less than a 15-minute drive away.
Guests are able to fish in the river directly from the pool deck.
The Old Town of Sozopol is a 15-minute walk away, as well as Sozopol Bus Station.
Rooms have either a partial sea view or a city view.
All rooms at Hotel Chillán Sur feature private bathroom facilities and a TV with cable channels.
For golfing enthusiasts, 18-hole golf courses are available within a 5-minute drive from the apartments.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all public areas.
Guests can visit the onsite garden.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Situated on 7 acres, this Parksville property overlooks Rathrtrevor Beach.
Guests can enjoy minimalist yet elegant environmentally friendly accommodations at the Rincon Eco Lodge.
Pets are welcome here as well, upon prior request.
A shuttle service is provided on request.
For convenience, a 24-hour front desk and private parking are available.
Sophin rooms are bright and feature modern furnishings.
Free on-site parking is available.
Balaia Golf Course is 3 km away and Faro International Airport is 22 km away.
There are 2 golf courses within a 5-minute walk of the property.
Afitos is 27 km from Kostas Beach Apartments.
There are many fantastic hiking routes in the mountains around Can Marquesi.
Sunshine Coast Maroochydore Airport Is 33 minutes’ drive away.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
An oven, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
Offering a restaurant, Casa Real Celaya is located in Celaya’s industrial park, 5 minutes’ drive from the city centre.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
The Royal Durban Golf Course is just 2 km away.
Guests can also enjoy a rejuvenating body treatment at Corniche Hotel's wellness centre.
Private bathroom includes a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
After breakfast, you can also plan their excursions or airport shuttles.
Hearty Chinese options are also available for breakfast.
Highlands Reserve Golf Club is 13 minutes' drive from the villa.
Free Wi-Fi and satellite TV are also included.
Amber Court Whakatane is just 5 minutes’ walk from many shops and restaurants.
Travelodge Prince George has a front desk that is open 24 hours a day.
Evening receptions with free beer and wine occur weekly.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
Paradis Hotel features free WiFi .
The nearest airport is Diego Aracena International Airport, 35 km from Departamento Arturo Fernandez.
Guests have free use of the furnished garden with free parking.
Naples International Airport is 36 km away.
Apartment Klea also includes a fitness centre and outdoor pool.
A washing machine is at guests’ disposal.
Strasbourg International Airport is 15 km away.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 26 km from the property.
Madeira International Airport is 17 km away.
Portela Airport is less than 5 km from the hotel, and private parking is available.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout and free private, on-site parking is possible.
The rooms are decorated with warm colours and have a private bathroom.
The nearest airport is Heydar Aliyev International Airport, 23 km from Zaur Apartment.
The property offers free covered parking for convenience.
A minibar and air conditioning are fitted in all rooms.
Alicante Airport is located 69 km away.
The nearest beach is 1 km from the Pansion Valbruna.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave and refrigerator.
Allariz is 44 km from Hostal Medievo, while Manzaneda is 32 km from the property.
There are one living room and one bedroom, suitable for 4 guests.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and fridge. A stovetop and coffee machine are also offered.
This four-bedroom accommodation will provide you with a TV, DVD-player and a hot tub.
Guests can enjoy a refreshing drink at any one of the resort’s 3 bars.
Rooms include a private bathroom with free toiletries.
A sweet breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room.
Carpeted rooms are fitted with air conditioning, a TV and a mini-fridge.
Free WiFi is available in the public areas.
Astali Hotel is situated only 100 metres from Rethymno’s beach and 200 metres from the Old Town.
Feodosiya is 14 km from U Frangoni, while Koktebel’ is 800 metres away.
All rooms include a flat-screen TV.
Free private parking is provided on site.
Some also have a seating area and a fridge.
Other facilities at SweetHome na Okruzhnom shossie include a terrace.
Guests can request to rent a car to explore the area.
All units are air conditioned and feature a satellite flat-screen TV.
Some units include a seating area where you can relax.
The guest house offers an on-site ski storage.
You can enjoy city views from each bedroom.
The terrace invites guests to relax in the sun.
The local bus station is 40 metres away.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Various animation programmes for children and adults are offered at the property.
The nearest grocery shop is 500 metres away.
Guests can share a meal at the owner’s table as well as enjoy wine tasting from the property.
The rooms feature air conditioning, a working area, and tea/coffee maker.
The Autobahn Motel Hösel’s reception is open 24 hours a day.
Bike rental is available on site.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Batumi Airport is 42 km away.
A TV is provided.
It features a bar, 24/7 front desk and free Wi-Fi.
The on-site restaurant serves traditional Hangzhou dishes for guests to enjoy.
Chenonceau Chateau is 22 minutes by car and Tours is a 31-minute drive.
It features free Wi-Fi in all areas and Souk Waqif is a 10-minute walk away.
Heating and a safe are also provided.
Amenities include a private balcony, a minibar and a sofa seating area.
On-site parking is included at no extra cost.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Guests will be within 7 minutes’ drive of both Valdosta State University and Rainwater Conference Center.
This family-run hotel features modern guest rooms.
Lake Trasimeno is a 45-minute drive away.
Hôtel Madeleine Haussmann is located 550 metres from Saint Lazare Train Station.
Some have a terrace.
Shared kitchen facilities are at guests’ disposal.
Hotel Valery’s rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with a TV and private bathroom with shower.
It features spacious rooms, an outdoor pool and a garden.
Free WiFi access is available.
Opening to a balcony or terrace, accommodation at the Dolphin is self-catered and includes a private bathroom.
Located in Pianello Del Lario, Borgo Tre Terre offers an outdoor pool.
Both bathrooms on the property are equipped with hot water and showers, a six person whirlpool tub is also available.
You can enjoy a mountain view from this accommodation.
All accommodation units comprise a TV and an equipped kitchenette.
Parikia, the picturesque main town and port of Paros, is at 10 km.
Buffet dinner is offered during the evening with a variety of regional and international dishes.
Rooms with a microwave and fridge are available.
Public parking is possible for free nearby the property.
The Basilica of San Francesco is reachable on foot in 5 minutes from the B&B.
It offers independent, recently renovated villas and a swimming pool.
The air-conditioned rooms come with modern and elegant interiors.
Málaga can be reached in 1 hour by car.
Krakow - Balice Airport is located 7,7 km away.
Many restaurants are within walking distance.
Accommodation is bright and simply furnished.
The motel features a front desk that is staffed 24 hours a day.
Extras include bed linen.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The on-site Western Restaurant & Bar serves light meals and refreshing beverages for guests to enjoy.
Karlstad city centre is a 1-hour drive from By Hagfors.
Platja d'en Repic Beach is 6.5 km away and Cúber Lake is a 30-minute drive away.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Rooms at Linda Hotel have simple decorations and all come with air conditioning, hard wood flooring and a balcony.
Holiday home Au Gras-Souillet is located in Saint-Pierre-de-Chartreuse.
The bus terminal is 2 km away.
The hotel offers free Wi-Fi in common areas.
Omelettes, eggs and other breakfast dishes are available on request.
They all open out onto private balconies with views of the pool.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Sun beds are available at the garden, where guests can relax while enjoying the sun.
The property offers free parking.
It has a shared kitchen where guests can prepare their own meals.
There is also a fireplace in the living room.
A sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is provided daily and includes cheese, cold cuts, and coffee.
Soma Palmshore resort is situated less than 1 km from nightlife options in Kovalam.
You can enjoy a rich breakfast in the on-site Palette restaurant.
All rooms at Hotel Suisse have basic furnishings and come with a private bathroom with a shower.
Each room is fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Certain units feature views of the sea or mountain.
Free private parking is available at the property.
All rooms have a view of the pond.
Gdynia Główna railway station is just 1.9 km away.
The cozy rooms at Hotel Garant & Suites provide a refrigerator.
The villas are equipped with a kitchen and a dining area.
GreenTree Inn Hainan Sanya Internat features free WiFi .
All rooms are equipped with a TV and a minibar. The bathrooms come with a shower, hairdryer and a toilet.
Free WiFi is provided .
The International Airport of Punta Cana is a 20-minute drive away.
There is also an electric kettle.
The holiday home can accommodate up to 8 persons.
Local and long-distance telephone calls from the rooms are free.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
The property can also assist with car and scooter rentals.
Each room includes a private bathroom along with bathrobes and slippers.
The accommodation is fitted with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
At Casa Villamana guests will also find a tour desk.
Guests can dine on the terrace or relax in the hotel gardens.
The front desk at The Gould Hotel is staffed 24 hours a day.
The beach in Port Launay is only 2 minutes' drive by car.
Rooms in Hotel Real Monasterio de San Zoilo look onto the beautiful gardens.
Your Morning Breakfast is full of hot options, making breakfast at the Comfort Inn & Suites the perfect way to start your day.
The air-conditioned studios feature a kitchenette with fridge.
The bright rooms in Hostal Tante Puppe feature private bathrooms and TVs.
Shuttles can be arranged for a surcharge.
Some apartments feature a private terrace.
A fresh breakfast buffet is provided each morning to guests at the Hotel am Schatzenstein.
WiFi access is available in public areas.
Guests will have access to the business centre throughout their stay.
An extensive buffet breakfast is served every morning.
The Cluj-Napoca Train Station is 2 km away and the airport can be reached in 6 km.
In the surrounding area, guests may easily find a variety of local eateries.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Tirana Airport is at a distance of 14 km.
Free parking is available at Campamento Ñandú.
The rooms in Hotel Coral feature private bathrooms and cable TV.
There are many shops and restaurants nearby.
Hostelmeks is located in Florianópolis.
Free WiFi is available throughout the entire property.
Non-smoking rooms can be requested.
The guest house also offers bike hire and car hire.
Some rooms have views of the mountain or garden.
It is a 10-minute drive from Ngurah Rai International Airport.
The air-conditioned rooms include free Wi-Fi and cable TV.
Free WiFi is provided .
It offers spacious, self-catering accommodation with private balcony and free Wi-Fi.
A chemist's shop, bar and restaurants, and taxi terminal are found in the surroundings.
Free private parking is available at Klieber - Urlaub am Biobauernhof.
The property offers free parking.
Colonial Country Club golf courses are 15 miles away.
Garda is 3 km away.
Meals can be enjoyed in the dining room with a fireplace.
The Mediterranean Sea is a 15-minute drive away.
The apartment is 11 km from Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood.
A flat-screen TV is a further amenity.
There is also a terrace and a garden.
The spa area comprises a hot tub, a sauna, and a thermal water tub.
You can engage in various activities, such as diving, cycling and fishing.
The nearest airport is Poznan Lawica Airport, 5 km from the property.
The property is located 1 km from Matriz Church and 500 metres from the bus terminal.
There is also a beach bar right on the beach just across from the apartments.
Shirakaba Family Land is a 15-minute drive away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a ticket service and dry cleaning.
Guests also have access to laundry facilities on site.
Palace Inn Kingwood is located just off of Highway 59.
With air conditioning, apartments come with a fully-equipped kitchen and a flat-screen TV.
The nearest airport is Lombok International Airport, 38 km from Selasar Hostel.
Jolly Roger Amusement Park is 3 miles away.
It offers modern and spacious Alpine-style rooms with a balcony.
Rovinj is 25 km from Apartment Jana 3, while Poreč is 41 km from the property.
At Green Leaves Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Breakfast is served buffet style.
Free-to-use barbecue facilities are at guests' disposal.
The Queen Anne is a 10-minute walk from Grand Place and the Belgian Centre for Comic Strip Art.
Each of the 3 bedrooms at Chalet Hinterdorf features an en-suite bathroom.
The lively Hongdae Street is just a 5-minute walk and Sinchon area is a 5-minute subway ride away.
Bibione is a 20-minute drive away from La Zattera.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
With practical fittings, they also include air conditioning or a minibar.
Pokoje Gościnne Rena is located 300 metres from the city centre.
Other facilities like a shared lounge and ski storage are offered.
Canberra is a 2.5-hour drive away.
There is a selection of cafés and restaurants 5 km away from the property.
Public parking is available in the streets around the hotel.
Free Wi-Fi is featured at Apartments on Nezavisismosti Street.
The tastefully designed rooms are modern with a touch of traditional charm.
Cottages here offer a kitchenette with a stove, an electric kettle, and a refrigerator.
The rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
Free private parking is available on site.
Rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The unit is 500 metres from Salgados Golf and 700 metres from Salgados Beach.
Massages can be organized on site.
Guests may cook their own meals in the kitchenette and enjoy them in the dining area.
There is also a children’s playground.
Every room comes with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
The complex includes a well-tended garden and a children's playground.
All rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV.
The apartment has a seating area and cable TV.
Towels and linens are also provided.
There is also an electric kettle.
Certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
Safety deposit boxes and laundry facilities are also available.
You can also read the books and guides supplied.
Extras include a desk, a safety deposit box and bed linen.
Each apartment offers free WiFi and either a balcony or terrace.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Rembrandt Flat.
Both have a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave.
Slippers, towels and free toiletries are available.
Montparnasse Train Station is 10 minutes away by metro.
Rooms at Le Tanjong House are fitted with a satellite TV, a minibar and a safety deposit box.
Free WiFi access is available.
Select rooms feature a kitchen or kitchenette.
The property offers free parking.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 1 km from the property.
The property is only 600 metres from Lobos beach.
Certain rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Offering a restaurant, Quinta de Marrocos is located in Peso da Régua.
You can enjoy a landscape view from the home.
L'Espace Encan is 1.3 km away.
Viareggio and the sea are about a 20-minute drive away.
Operating a 24-hour front desk to assist guests, Kumarakom Houseboats is located in Kumarakom.
A sweet breakfast is provided at a nearby café.
The property offers free parking.
There is also a snack bar.
The nearest airport is LaGuardia Airport, 10 km from Great 2 Bedroom Midtown West.
Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a minibar. There is also a dining table.
Within 15 minutes on foot, the St. Nedelya Church and the TZUM Shopping Mall can both be reached.
Bad Münster am Stein Train Station is 1.5 km from the accommodation.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Medvezha Gora Ski Resort is 2 km from the property, and the Palanok Castle is 35 km away.
The private bathroom offers a shower.
Dishes are prepared using locally sourced produce, with daily fresh fish specials.
Guest can also play board games.
The modern hotel rooms have a private bathroom.
A 24-hour reception is offered at Watsonville Economy Inn.
It is less than a mile from one of the largest shopping centers in the Southeast, Riverchase Galleria.
Parking is also possible on site and at a location nearby.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player, as well as a CD player are provided.
The property is located only 800 metres from Lycian Way Trail.
Olot and La Garrotxa Volcanic Zone are within 30 minutes’ drive of the Janpere.
Ushuaia Port and the city's tourist information office are 300 metres away.
The guest rooms at Hotel La Bergerie open onto a private balcony with a view of the mountains.
Meals can be enjoyed at the dining table.
The kitchen is modern and includes built-in appliances and a dining table with 7 chairs.
A garden with sunbathing area is also available.
This apartment features a TV, a balcony, a well-fitted kitchen and a bathroom.
There is free Wi-Fi along with a desk.
Additional facilities include a business centre.
Mont-Orford National Park is just 2 minutes’ drive away.
Guests can start their day with a continental breakfast served daily at the dining area.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Kandy hill home stay offers accommodation in Kandy.
The rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
The rooms have a private bathroom.
The nearest airport is Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, 11 km from the property.
There is a cosy lounge featuring an honesty bar in which to relax at the end of the day.
Daily maid service is offered.
Paraliya Entertainment Park is located a 7-minute walk from the property.
The shores of Aarhus Bugt are 1 km away.
The Grand Palace and Temple of the Golden Mount are a 15-minute drive from Ton-aor place.
Pula Airport is located within 8 km.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
The hotel’s restaurant serves local and international dishes.
Raekoja Plats and Tartu’s Town Hall are 130 metres away.
Ngurah Rai International Airport is 7 km away.
A bus stop and a train station are 50 metres and 1 km away respectively.
There is a dining area and a kitchen.
The property offers city maps in different languages.
The area is also popular for hunting and bird watching.
Levanto Train Station is a 15-minute walk from the Bruna.
Some apartments feature either a balcony or terrace.
Santiago de Compostela Airport and its airport are a 1.5-hour drive away.
All of them feature air conditioning and cable TVs.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher.
Convent of San Marco is 5 km from Quattro Ville, while Santa Maria Novella is 5 km from the property.
A European menu and room service are also available for guests’ convenience.
Podgorica is 40 km from Viva Apartment, while Kotor is 44 km from the property.
The closest restaurant is within easy walking distance from Le Coeur.
La Maquinista Shopping Centre is 10 minutes’ walk away.
Guests at Hotel&SPA Rosenburg can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet in the breakfast room or in the garden terrace overlooking the pond.
The property offers free parking.
The property offers free parking.
Barra de Navidad Bus Station, local restaurants and shops can be found within a 5-minute walk.
A 24-hour room service is available.
The apartment offers free private parking on-site
The bar offers live music on Saturdays and public holidays.
Noclegi Autotechnik is located in Bielsk Podlaski.
Bathroom and toilet facilities on the property are shared.
Some of the suites feature a spa bath.
Drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
The property features views of the city and is 500 metres from Via Indipendenza.
Front desk provides airport and city shuttle service at an extra charge.
The four-bedroom accommodation will provide a two TV's, free WiFi and a DVD player.
The living room has a TV and a comfortable sofa.
It has two terraces with BBQ facilities.
It is 8 km from Shantou Railway Station.
The Razdolie's 24-hour reception team can book free shuttle transfers.
The bathroom is fitted with free toiletries, slippers, bathrobe and hairdryer.
Some rooms feature a small sofa bed.
A wake up service is offered.
A range of activities are offered in the area, such as skiing and cycling.
Celebrity Theatre is 1.1 km from Best Inn & Suites Phoenix Downtown.
At La Candida you will find a garden featuring gazebos and BBQ facilities.
Free wireless internet is available in the bar and lounge.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Each room is fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a hot tub.
Each bungalow is equipped with a fan, a mosquito net, and shower facilities.
Portsmouth town centre is 12 miles away.
The apartment will provide you with a TV and a seating area.
Towels and bed linen are included.
Monumental Metro Station is a 5-minute walk from the apartment.
At Agriturismo La Sosta other facilities offered include a shared lounge and luggage storage.
Guests can indulge in a relaxing body massage, or sing karaoke.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each day, a freshly prepared breakfast can be enjoyed in the bright breakfast room.
The town is famous for health tourism because of the climate and clean and fresh air.
A restaurant can be reached within a 3-minute walk and several bars are 500 metres away.
The nearest airport is Dubrovnik Airport, 15 km from the property.
Early risers can enjoy free tea, coffee and toast from 04:00.
El Dorado International Airport is 9 km away.
The kitchen features a fridge and a stovetop.
There are 34 modern rooms which are accessible by elevator.
There is free Wi-Fi and free parking.
Golfpark Oberkirch is a 30-minute drive from the guesthouse.
Guests can also reach restaurants and bars within a 2-minute walk.
All rooms have a kettle, a TV with DVD player and free WiFi.
The nearest airport is Kuala Lumpur International Airport, 88 km from the property.
The owner helps to organise various excursions and outdoor activities.
Vienna International Airport is 78 km from the property.
Packed lunches can be provided upon request.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and bathrobes.
La Barrosa Beach is a 10-minute drive away.
St. Mary’s Hospital is less than 2 km away.
The full kitchen includes a refrigerator and kitchenware.
The air-conditioned rooms at Renaissance Doha City Center Hotel feature a modern décor.
The hotel has a restaurant, serving regional cuisine.
Kecskemét is a 30-minute drive away.
Rooms at the Acra Hotel have parquet floors and elegant furnishings.
Airport shuttle services are arranged at an additional fee.
The nearest airport is Schiphol Airport, 34 km from the property.
The private bathroom features a walk-in shower and there is also a separated toilet.
Rimini's most popular nightlife and shopping areas are within walking distance.
The kitchen has an oven, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine.
Each accommodation features a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The Hotel Apollon is located between the centre of Valtice and the Valtice mesto train station.
An oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom.
Shakh-name is a self-catering accommodation located in Odessa.
Set in a 19th-century building, it features charming patio areas.
Free parking is provided.
The restaurant serves Italian cuisine and specialises in fresh fish.
Some rooms have a lake view and a mountain view.
They can get active on the tennis court and play minigolf in the adjacent Woody Sports Park.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
It offers bed and breakfast accommodation, free WiFi and free private parking.
Other facilities at Apartma Hosnar include a barbecue.
Relaxing massages and beauty treatments await guests at Tamukami’s spa.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing massage.
An oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
More restaurants as well as a wide range of shops are located in Kirchberg.
A wood-burning stove is also included.
Bars, grocers and restaurants can be found within a walking distance.
Guests can indulge in relaxing in-room massages.
Other facilities offered at the property include a vending machine.
Guests of Villa Masoneria can benefit from free, guarded parking on site.
It offers free Wi-Fi and air-conditioned rooms.
It features a herbal sauna and a bicycle rental.
The house at the Casa Rosa has a kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
The Don Mario Resort offers a free shuttle to Pantelleria Airport located 8 km away.
Extras include bed linen and a fan.
The private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
Guests can relax in the shared lounge and free WiFi is available on site.
Lençóis Maranhenses National Park is 40 km away.
Free WiFi and a ski storage room are available.
Guests have access to a fitness centre, solarium and free bikes.
Other facilities like a shared lounge, an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
Certain rooms feature views of the mountain or garden.
Opéra Garnier is 2.6 km from Petit Trianon-Etoile, while Orsay Museum is 2.7 km from the property.
Extra facilities include a washing machine and iron.
Guests at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia/Mt.
Bed linen and towels are included.
This holiday home is 60 km from Kastrup Airport.
A microwave and compact refrigerator are also provided.
Park Motel provides free Wi-Fi throughout.
Some rooms also feature a private balcony with beautiful views of the Aegean Sea.
A hot buffet breakfast is available for guests every day.
Free WiFi is provided.
Located in Tianhe District, Xinghui International Apartment is 2 km from Guangzhou Tower.
Apollofirst offers air conditioned rooms with a desk and Wi-Fi.
Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport is 85 km away.
The nearest town is Käru, 6.6 km away.
Some units include views of the sea.
The air-conditioned unit is equipped with a kitchen. A flat-screen TV is available.
The property is within a 5-minute drive of the Santa Fe University of Art and Design.
Ski storage is also available at the apartments.
In-room breakfast can be enjoyed at Calla’s Palace Jasper.
A sweet breakfast featuring homemade cakes is offered daily.
The seating area has a fireplace, sofas and flat-screen TV.
Restaurants, a supermarket, and a public outdoor pool can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
Guests of this hotel can enjoy a daily continental breakfast.
Wi-Fi is free in public areas.
Extras include cable channels.
On less active days, you can enjoy the garden’s sunbathing area.
Marrakech-Menara Airport is located 13 km from the property.
Reception desk staff are available 24/7.
A full Cornish breakfast is served each morning, featuring produce from the county.
Some of the properties also have cable channels.
While Bonn is a 25-minute drive away, the city of Cologne is 45 km away.
Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
An Italian-style breakfast is available daily and includes cereal, cappuccinos, and pastries.
Guests can enjoy beach access and views from the balcony.
Restaurants, bars and shops can be reached by foot.
The bed and breakfast also offers bike hire and car hire.
Blue Dog Guesthouse houses a 24-hour front desk with luggage storage space.
It offers cottages with private patios and kitchen facilities.
Free WiFi is available throughout the entire property.
The Coliseum is a 10-minute walk away.
Entertainment is also provided at Monte Baia's on-site disco.
Guests can enjoy a dip in the outdoor swimming pool or practice Tai Chi session in the morning.
Featuring free WiFi, Six Apartment Simona offers accommodation in Vilnius.
Red Square is 2.1 km from Apartment on Sukharevskaya, while GUM Department Store is 2.1 km away.
Guests are offered a sauna and rooms with air conditioning.
The peaceful and scenic University Botanic Gardens are 15 minutes’ walk away.
There are shops at the property.
There also is a dark-wood dining area.
Free WiFi is available .
The restaurant serves Sunday lunches, hearty cooked breakfasts and seasonal specials.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
Essaouira Mogador Airport is 15 km away.
An electric kettle and minibar are available.
Super Roma is 3 km from Basilica of St.
Daily breakfast is served as an open buffet at the hotel.
Free WiFi is offered in the entire building.
Ao Nang Beach is 7 km from Krabilife Resort, while Krabi town is 17 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy a daily continental breakfast served in the lobby.
Georgioupolis is 48 km from Anastasia Apartments, while Agia Galini is 36 km away.
The compact accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a minibar and cable channels.
Both Verona and Mantova can be reached by car in 35 minutes.
The classic rooms are fitted with a satellite TV, radio and a panel heater.
Paris-Gare de Lyon Train Station is a 13-minute walk away from the property.
From mid-June to mid-October, the Ötztal Premium Card is included in the rate.
Rustic Day Spa offers a variety of massage treatments.
Thalassa is just 300 metre from Sairee Beach and 1 km from Mae Haad Pier.
Select rooms have a kitchenette equipped with a stove top.
Tamegroute is a 58-minute drive away and free private parking is available on site.
You can also reach the city’s shopping district which is 400 metres away.
Private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
Cala Cortina Beach is 15 minutes’ drive away.
Asturias Airport is 110 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible throughout the premises.
Set in Lierna, this apartment features a balcony.
Wi-Fi is free throughout.
It is 14 km from the port of Samos.
The hotel is located by the Fukurogawa River, where guests can enjoy cherry blossoms in the Spring.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and toaster.
You can enjoy garden view.
The motel has a club located in the same building.
Drinks can be enjoyed at Polar Bar, Fjord Bar and in the Panorama Lounge.
Room service is available upon request.
They all have satellite TV and air conditioning.
Lugano Airport is 9 km away.
Luis Eduardo Magalhães Airport is located 24 km away.
The property offers free parking.
Towels are available.
For a light snack or a drink, there is also a bar.
There is also a bar with a terrace in the square.
Karon Chic Studio offers accommodation in Karon Beach.
There is also a sauna and a barrel shower as well as a relaxation room located on site.
They all include a living area and come with a satellite LCD TV, DVD player and mini fridge.
Bright and air conditioned, the apartments at Le Vigne come with wooden furnishings.
Free WiFi is provided .
Breakfast can be served here as well.
The front desk operates round-the-clock.
Access to a fitness centre is provided to all La Quinta Inn and Suites guests.
There is a games room on site and guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and bar.
The property features a spa, 24-hour front desk and meeting facilities.
Guests enjoy free access to a hot tub and a sauna, upon prior request.
At Hotel Palatino you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Local businesses offer water sports activities such diving.
The kitchen has a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
Tuan Chau Island is 13 km away.
Each room is equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
The rooms are all equipped with a TV, fan and heating.
Neuschwanstein Castle is 35 minutes away.
Every room has a private bathroom.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas
Sri Dalada Maligawa is 1.4 km from 2in1 Kandy Hostel, while Kandy Museum is 1.4 km away.
All the rooms feature a wardrobe, fan and tiled floor.
The Vytautas Magnus University is within 300 metres.
Homemade bread, foie gras and desserts are proposed at the restaurant, which also offers Provençal food.
Guests of the Crescent can relax on one of the deckchairs located on the beach.
You will find a kettle in the room.
The marina can be found 500 metres away.
Park Hyatt Hotel features a Bicycle Valet program which is a unique way to explore the city.
The friendly staff is happy to arrange day trips for you.
Guests can enjoy views of Karl Johan Park.
Offering beautiful mountain views, it has a free Wi-Fi zone and free parking.
A daily cleaning service is available free of charge.
Nothing is too much trouble for the dynamic team of staff at World Village.
Devonport Airport is only 40 minutes’ drive away.
Rooms are equipped with a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV and towels are provided.
There is also an on-site convenience store.
At leisure, you can go fishing, cycling and horse riding.
Restaurant East & West offers both Swedish and Thai cuisine.
Rooms come with a private bathroom.
This is a 4-room house and it is around 100 m2.
It offers an indoor heated pool and free parking.
The kitchen is equipped with a stove, coffee machine and microwave.
Free private parking is available on site.
The property offers free parking.
Restaurants, bars and shops are within a 10-minute walk.
The hostel also has a snack bar and billiard facilities.
Secure ski and sports equipment storage areas and parking places are available free of charge.
We Believe Hostel is 200 metre from Krung Thon Bridge Pier.
The lounge bar Barazzo serves fresh juices, coffee and drinks.
Taksim Square and Taksim Metro Station are 450 metres from the property.
The bright dormitory rooms come with shared bathrooms.
A year round indoor pool and hot tub are offered on-site.
Featuring an on-site restaurant, Knights Inn - Chilhowie is located in Chilhowie, Virginia.
24-hour room service is provided.
Bars and coffee are served by the pool.
The centrally located Market Square with the Belfry of Bruges is 2.1 km from the boat.
They offer a wardrobe, a desk and an en suite bathroom with hot and cold shower facilities.
Featuring a playful design, rooms at Kombi Hostel are equipped with shared bathroom facilities.
The apartments are located in three neighbouring buildings.
You will find a kettle in the room.
The hotel also has a restaurant, which serves traditional cuisine typical of the Alsace region.
The city of Dubrovnik is 8 km away.
Warsaw Chopin Airport is 18 km away.
A washing machine is available.
It is located 35 km from Lisbon Airport.
Each apartments is fitted with a fully equipped kitchen or a kitchenette with a dining area.
Agur Waterfalls is 8 km from Svetlana Guesthouse, while Sochi Circus is 14 km from the property.
The air-conditioned unit is 27 km from Tiberias.
Personal chefs and massage services can also be arranged on request.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
The accommodation at Prague Apartment includes a bathroom with a shower, a hairdryer and a washing machine.
The panoramic suites are located in the attic, and feature a Teuco hydromassage shower.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Free Wi-Fi is included.
You can enjoy a sea view and a garden view from the room.
You will find a choice of shops and restaurants in the shopping arcade.
Tuesday nights include a barbecue dinner and dessert for each guest.
It offers clean and comfortable rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Several restaurants are within walking distance from Art Bed Breakfast.
Batumi International Airport is 5 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
The house features a seating area with sofa and a mezzanine room.
The 24-hour front desk provides daily newspapers and luggage storage services.
Oostende and the beach are 40 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
You can play billiards at the property, and the area is popular for skiing and fishing.
You will find ticket service at the property.
There is also a children’s pool.
Guests can also enjoy their meals in the privacy of their rooms.
The apartment is spacious and includes parquet floors.
Parking is also free on site.
The property has free WiFi in all areas and offers free bicycle rentals.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
A wide range of beers, cocktails and wines can be enjoyed at the bar.
Guests can enjoy the facilities at the Spa Natura Resort, including the spa and swimming pools.
The rooms feature a TV and a private balcony overlooking the hotel's gardens.
Extras include bed linen and a fan.
The property offers free parking.
It offers an apartment with a balcony and views of the surrounding Alpine panorama.
Each one has a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Free public parking is available 300 metres away.
The Jeita Grotto is 15 km away.
Rimini Federico Fellini Airport is 40 minutes away by car.
Some rooms offer an iPod dock and balcony.
It provides free private parking.
For convenience, the hotel also offers a 24-hour business centre, meeting facilities and laundry services.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
Guests can also enjoy free Wi-Fi access at all public areas.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. A refrigerator and stovetop are also offered, as well as a kettle.
There is an aqua park within 3 km.
The hotel offers a free airport shuttle service and 24-hour front desk.
Kionia Beach and Tinos Town are both at a distance of 1 km.
Some rooms feature a terrace with a view to the Main Square and pedestrian area.
Menara Airport is a 15-minute drive from Riad Light of Life.
Grand Case Bay is 6 km from the Blue Bay Beach Hotel, while Marigot is 10 km away.
The kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher.
Bourbince River is 2 km away and cycling trails can be found in the area.
Some of the Rent a Flat apartments even have a balcony with sea views.
Hotel Ayvengo is located in the same building with a shopping centre.
The accommodation offers an outdoor pool and free WiFi.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park is 3.7 miles away.
The simply furnished rooms include a private bathroom.
Set on Viareggio's seafront, it offers a garden with outdoor swimming pool.
Within the nearby main cities, there are numerous historic places of interest.
Free WiFi access is available in this lodge.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free WiFi access is provided in the apartment.
Continental breakfast is served each morning at Residence Noflaye.
Each comes with a TV, together with a hairdryer in the private bathroom.
Each kitchen includes a stove top, a Nespresso coffee machine and kitchenware.
The Hardap National Park is 53 km away.
The Baltic Sea is located 1.5 km from the Upmalnieki.
At Romaguera Guest House you will find a shared kitchen where you can prepare your own meals.
A ski storage room and free private parking are available on site.
A continental breakfast is served daily.
The rooms are spacious and bright, and come with tea/coffee making facilities, a TV, and a hairdryer.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
There is also a wide continental selection.
The property offers parking at an extra cost.
A safety deposit box, currency exchange and luggage storage are available at the reception.
Free parking can be found on site.
Zanzibar Airport is 50 km away and airport transfers can be arranged for a surcharge.
Bed linen is available.
The villa offers free private parking on-site.
This holiday home at Villa Giuseppe will provide you with a seating area, an equipped kitchenette and a washing machine.
The Siete Lagos scenic lake circuit is found 14 km away.
It features 3 dining options and air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen TV.
The front desk at the Allentown America’s Best Value Inn is staffed 24 hours a day.
The spacious apartments have tiled floors and white walls.
Private bathrooms come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Garden Resort Kapong is 45 km from Kao Lak and 50 km from Phu-Tajor.
Secession Hotel is located in the centre of Łęczna.
The property features views of the garden is 39 km from Egmond aan Zee.
Each room has a private entrance, a kitchenette and a view of the garden.
The on-site bar is ideal for sampling a variety of alcoholic and soft drinks.
Air conditioning and heating are included and a continental breakfast is served each morning.
Alpenhotel Rieger has a spa with indoor swimming pool, sauna and steam room.
Rafic Hariri Airport is 8 km away.
Guests can also visit Barać Caves, 20 km from the property.
Guests can also find the shopping street José Mesa y López within a 5-minute walk.
La Roca del Vallès upmarket outlet shopping centre is 25 minutes’ drive away.
Some rooms also feature a spa bath.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player, as well as a CD player are featured.
A sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is available in the morning.
You can enjoy pool view and garden view from the room.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, within a 25-minute drive of the property.
The Lily Pad Inn is 1 km from Cang Mountain, 4 km from Three Pagodas and 8 km from Erhai Lake.
The Riga International Airport is within 13 km.
Guests will find a selection of ingredients for a self-service breakfast.
There is a full kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
Other facilities at Baan Chidchaba include a terrace.
You can also benefit from the fitness centre.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning from 05:30.
This suburban hotel is also has a variety of popular restaurants and cocktail lounges located within a one-mile radius.
Each unit also contains a private bathroom.
Additional facilities at Amalia include a tennis table.
Guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen at their disposal.
Free private parking is provided on site.
It takes 15 minutes to walk to Night Market.
The rooms feature a contemporary décor and include en suite bathrooms with hairdryer.
The property is equipped with a 24-hour front desk and an outdoor pool.
A shuttle service to the airport is available upon request and at an extra cost.
The seaside Gytheio village is at 68 km from the property.
Guests can prepare their meals in the fully-equipped kitchen.
Located in Megeve city centre, this chalet-style hotel is 350 metres from the Chamois cable car.
Traditional cuisine made with the farm’s products can be prepared for dinner.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
The nearest airport is Puerto Princesa Airport, 2 km from WE Travelers Inn.
Alterego Studios also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
Massages are available on request.
Ben Gurion International Airport is only 35 km away.
A café serving Caucasian cuisine is a short walk from Nakhodka.
Cannes Immo Concept - Commandant Lamy is a self-catering accommodation located in Cannes.
Chimney Rocks Park and Recreation Area is 2 km away.
The apartments also include a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Guests can cook their meals in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area.
Nazaré is 25 km from the property.
The inn also offers free use of bicycles.
A special attention is paid to vegetable dishes and room service is available on request.
There is a varied selection of cafés, bars and restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk of the Galicia.
The property is 8.1 km from Tijuca Forest National Park and 9.8 km from Vidigal Beach.
Every unit comes with a private bathroom with a bidet.
Set just outside Linguaglossa, it is inside the Etna Regional Park.
The restaurant proposes à la carte Tuscan recipes.
Various golf courses are available within a 10 km radius, the nearest of which at just an 8-minute drive.
Free private parking is available near the hotel.
Free monitored parking is provided on site.
An outdoor pool in Pfunds and Lake Ried can both be reached by car in 25 minutes or less.
Free Wi-Fi is provided and the apartment accommodates 6 persons.
The private bathroom includes free toiletries.
It is well placed for horse riding and hiking tours.
The fully equipped kitchen includes an oven, a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Each apartment will provide you with a TV and a seating area. Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
A chargeable airport shuttle can be arranged upon request.
Surf lessons are offered for an extra fee.
Discounts are available at a private car park nearby
In Hotel Hasdrubal Thalassa & Spa, enjoy a close link to nature within and without your room.
It offers a car wash service and free parking.
A safety desposit box and ski storage are other facilities, here at guests’ disposal.
Soft drinks, hot drinks, beer and wine is available from the vending machines in the common room.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
You will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared at the property. Services like laundry and dry cleaning are provided.
Other facilities include a tour desk and a shared kitchen where guests can cook.
Amenities include satellite TV and a fridge.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, luggage storage and dry cleaning.
Rhodes Town is at 60 km away.
The National Park of Luberon is located 6 km from Mas Bello Visto.
Massages can be arranged for a fee.
The hotel has a spa with a wide range of treatments available, for an extra charge.
The Bajío International Airport can be reached in a 25-minute drive.
Kiev Pechersk Lavra is 10 minutes’ drive away.
Maui Ocean Center is 6 miles from the Menehune Shores.
A continental breakfast is served daily, and cable TV with HBO in every room.
There is also a bar.
Airport shuttle can be arranged for an additional cost.
It has a café and is set close to the city’s bars and restaurants.
You can prepare meals in the fully-equipped kitchen.
Free Wi-Fi and private parking are provided.
Girona is 33 km from Villa Gisele, while Roses is 38 km from the property.
A hearty breakfast is served every morning.
Swimming and fishing in the lake are other area activities.
It also offers a sauna and a hot tub.
Astana Airport is a 20-minute drive away, and a shuttle service can be booked at the hotel.
A public parking is available nearby.
The apartment is fitted with a kitchenette
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
Located in the heart of Yangon, AKT Hotel (A Kyi Taw) offers accommodation with free WiFi access all units.
Alternatively, you can visit the nearby health resort of Treuchtlingen, only 3km away.
The Kahwah, a multi cuisine restaurant is situated in the hotel.
Victoria is a 20-minute drive away.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
The Kazan Kremlin can be reached in 5 minutes by foot.
The en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries.
Hostel Svoboda 9 is located in Yaroslavl city centre, 1.2 km from embankment.
It is a 15-minute drive from Sanya Railway Station.
The property boasts views of the sea and is 1.1 km from Galei Galilee Beach.
Breakfast is also available at the restaurant.
It offers free acces to the fitness room, sauna and WiFi.
Enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the lake or pool.
Rooms are fitted with wooden furniture and parquet floors.
The covered patio is complete with barbecue facilities.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
The Arrayanes Hotel has smart bedrooms with views over the sea or surrounding mountains.
The bathrooms are fitted with a bath and shower.
Syros Airport is 3 km away.
It has a restaurant and offers free Wi-Fi.
Oulx Train Station is located 10 km away.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Split Airport is 21 km away.
The hotel’s reception desk is open 24 hours a day and a lounge is available where guests can relax in the evening.
Porto International Airport is a 70-minute drive away.
The en-suite bathroom is fitted with a shower.
Bicycle rental is possible directly from the hotel and free parking is available.
Some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The elegant guest rooms are air-conditioned and heated, offering also a minibar and a work desk.
Kenting's main street, offering several restaurants is 15 minutes' drive away.
Guests can enjoy a home-cooked full English breakfast every morning.
Joz Nest Apart consists of 2 bedrooms and a seating area.
The property provides air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi access.
Open for breakfast and lunch, The Victorian Tea Room offers an English menu.
Guests will be 1.6 km from Emerald Coast Science Center.
The nearest airport is Simferopol Airport, 80 km from the property.
Jiangbei International Airport is about 20 minutes' drive away.
It is a 10-minute walk from Würzburg Central Station and city centre.
The kitchen has a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
The bus stop can be reached within a 5-minute walk.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and dishwasher.
Set 700 metres from Dolphinarium in Batumi, this apartment features free WiFi.
Each has free wired internet, a minibar, and a satellite TV.
Free private parking is available on site.
Child Sheep Restaurant serves Chinese hot pot for guests to enjoy.
Split Airport is located 40 km from the property and airport shuttle can be arranged for.
Florence is 29 km away.
Activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings, include hiking.
A TV with cable channels is offered.
Relaxing massage is available upon request.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
In warm weather, guests can also eat outside in the garden.
Free WiFi access is available.
Alkmaar is 11 km away from Kerstin's Zomerhuis and 50 km from Schiphol Airport.
Bedrooms include a CD player.
Private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
Extras include a desk, a safety deposit box and bed linen.
The nearest airport is Odessa International Airport, 15 km from the property.
The property offers free parking.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is available.
Each morning a hearty breakfast is served within the cosy dining room.
There is a swing and a sandpit for children.
A living room with a flat-screen TV and DVD player are included.
Venlo is 30 minutes driving by car, Deurne’s train station is 12 km away.
Each bedroom has an en-suite bathroom.
A farmhouse inn is located just in front of the property and is open in July and August.
A microwave, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven.
Free Wi-Fi and a continental breakfast are available.
Casa de Campo Park is only 700 metres from the apartments.
At a surcharge, guests can use a safety deposit box.
The beach and Cannes’s Palais des Festivals are just 800 metres away.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
Each room here has a tasteful décor and will provide guests with a TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
Late check-out is available for an extra charge. WiFi is available in rooms for a supplement.
Warsaw Chopin Airport is located 10.6 km away.
Selected rooms include a private balcony.
The private bathroom includes toiletries and a hairdryer.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Dubrovnik Airport is 23 km away.
Rooms will provide you with a flat-screen TV, tea/coffee making facilities and parquet flooring.
In the summertime, guests can relax on the garden terrace or in wintertime in front of the fireplace in the lounge area.
Free private parking is available at Aktivhotel Veronika.
Some units feature a seating area and/or balcony.
Guests can benefit from a complimentary welcome drink.
There are comfortable rooms with cable TV and apartments with kitchen facilities.
Shops can be found at 1 km from the property and restaurants are 4 km away.
The accommodation is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
The private bathrooms come with a shower and hairdryer.
It offers self-catering accommodation with free Wi-Fi and BBQ facilities in Puerto Iguazú.
Set in gardens, this bungalow features a well-equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher and washing machine.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Vending machines for snacks and drinks are also on the property.
A breakfast with 3 types of options is available.
Guests can enjoy Thai and western cuisines at the on-site restaurant.
Dinard Brittany Airport is 5 km away.
Free breakfast and Wi-Fi is offered to all guests.
On-site parking is provided free of charge, and the reception is open 24 hours.
The property has water sports facilities and free use of bicycles is available.
Air-conditioned rooms are simply decorated and feature an LCD TV with cable channels and balcony.
There is an individual garage by the house.
After a day’s sightseeing, guests can enjoy a drink at the bar which is open until midnight.
Palermo Airport can be reached by car in 30 minutes.
The private bathroom includes a shower and a hairdryer.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Massage services are available at the spa featuring a hot tub and sauna.
All en suite rooms are air-conditioned and offer free Wi-Fi.
The holiday home features free WiFi throughout the property.
Sikeston Factory Outlet Stores are less than 2 minutes’ drive away.
Solar panels are used for warm water and heating.
Ria Lakes Ski Lift is at a distance of 17 km.
Bathrooms feature granite countertops and a Waterpik showerhead.
Tez Pol Guest House features free WiFi .
It offers free WiFi.
A ski storage room and carport parking are available at the Müller Appartement.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
The functional rooms here will provide you with a TV and cable channels.
A dining table for 4 is also included.
You will find a tour desk at the property.
Breakfast is offered daily.
Towels and bed linen are available at Bulhotel Green Apartment.
Vista Blu Resort is 3.5 km from the centre of Alghero and from the beach.
At Nueva Estancia you will find a terrace. The property offers free parking.
Apartment Diagonal Mar is a classic-style apartment located in Barcelona.
The holiday home features free WiFi throughout the property.
The apartments are complete with a kitchenette.
The rooms offer free Wi-Fi and satellite TV.
Each room has modern décor and colourful lighting.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
There is a gift shop at the property.
A variety of restaurants serving traditional or international food can also be found in the vicinity.
A special shallow pool is provided for children as well as a playground.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
The property offers ski storage and free parking.
Extras include a desk and hairdryer.
There is a kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
Other amenities include a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
Both Preveza Town and the airport of Aktion can be reached within a 20-minute drive.
Some accommodation offers a spa bath or hot tub.
Brooklyn Hilton is 1.4 km from the Barclays Centre and 1.6 km from Brooklyn Bridge.
Usadba Zolotaya Gorka Holiday Home has a terrace with BBQ facilities.
To relax, guests can go on a snorkeling or hiking trips.
Offering a restaurant, Hotel Belarus is located in Navapolatsk.
Tarragona Train Station is 10 minutes’ walk from the Lauria.
The 1-bedrooom apartment is decorated in a contemporary style and includes a living room with a flat-screen TV.
It provides free private parking. Free WiFi is offered .
Parking is available on site at no extra charge.
Refúgio do Monte offers a terrace and a shared lounge.
Falcone-Borsellino Airport is 32 km from the property.
Bright and spacious rooms with modern interiors feature at carathotel Rheingau.
Guests can also order Indonesian and western dishes through the room service provided at the villa.
Traditional multi-course meals are served for dinner and a Japanese set-menu for breakfast. All meals are served at the dining room.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
A fridge and kettle are also featured.
At Landhaus Maria, a garden is at the guests’ disposal.
There is dry cleaning services at the property.
Some units feature views of the sea or garden.
Amsterdam’s Museum District is a 10-minute walk.
The property offers free parking.
Each bathroom is fitted with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Free Wi-Fi and free public parking are available on site.
Guests can choose to enjoy it in their room.
A full breakfast is served each morning and it features hot coffee or tea along with fresh fruit and pastries.
All rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
The UNESCO-protected town of Trogir is 15 km away.
Private parking is available on site.
A hairdryer, bathrobes and slippers are provided.
Some rooms offer views of the garden.
A coffee maker and a hairdryer are provided in every room at Super 8 Louisville Airport. A telephone and clock radio are also included.
Varna Airport is 12 km from the property.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
Stanford University is 14 km away.
The accommodation give free entry to swimming stadium.
Guests can cook for themselves in the shared kitchen.
The hotel's Restaurant Arvena offers a variety of international and regional specialities.
The property is 3.5 km from Snow Arena and 1.3 km from Druskininkai Aquapark.
The area offers plenty of various activities, including snorkeling, diving or kite surfing.
A rich buffet breakfast is served every morning in the dining room.
Buffet breakfast is served every morning.
On-site at the Lexington Green Hilton Suites, guests can enjoy dining at Polo's Restaurant and cocktails at Chukker's Lounge.
Featuring a shower with a rainhead, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer, a bidet and towels.
You can play table tennis at the bed and breakfast. The bed and breakfast also offers free use of bicycles.
Porto International Airport is 10 km away.
La Casona de Éboli is situated in the town of Santorcaz, 50 km from Madrid.
Freshly baked croissants, cold cuts and cheeses feature at breakfast, along with yoghurt and fruit.
The nearest airport is Istanbul Ataturk Airport, 14 km from the property.
The property is set 200 metres from the historical mansion Cindro House.
Some rooms have a safety deposit box and a spa bath.
You can also reserve dinner at the nearby L'Illustre restaurant at a discounted price.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Free parking is available.
Organised excursions can be booked directly at the hotel.
Tbilisi International Airport is 18 km away.
This property is just a 10-minutes’ walk from the town centre.
Breakfast is served in the bright conservatory, and on the terrace during the summer months.
As of December 2016, a sauna as well as a fitness room will be at guests' disposal.
You can enjoy garden view from the rooms.
The Grindelwald Train Station is 500 metres from Chalet Spillstatt.
Extras include ironing facilities.
Naples Airport can be reached by car in 15 minutes.
Free Wi-Fi is provided throughout.
Side town centre is 2 km away. Antalya Airport can be found 60 km from the hotel.
Guests of Terem Club can relax in the sauna, take a dip into the swimming pool or play billiards.
The property is 120 metres from Stedelijk Museum Zwolle.
Some are suitable for disabled guests.
The central train station is just about 1 km away.
You can shop for groceries in the immediate vicinity of all the apartments.
It offers modern rooms with patio and free Wi-Fi.
Beauty treatments are available.
Guests can utilize the car rental facilities to get around the area.
You can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling and windsurfing.
Cagliari-Elmas Airport is 22 km away.
Each is complete with a flat-screen TV, desk and en suite bathroom.
Room service can be requested for in-room dining comforts.
Bars and cafes can be found along the Malecón promenade.
The bathrooms come with a bath or a shower, as well as a hairdryer.
It is 6.5 km from National Transport and Toy Museum.
A buffet breakfast is served daily, including local products.
Japanese Yukata robes and toothbrush sets are provided for all guests.
Various trips are possible not far from Aurora Studia.
The rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Hotel Gran Casa is just a few metres from Oderzo Railway Station.
Santoña is less than 20 minutes by car.
Apartament Z Widokiem Na Morze VI is located within a 10-minute walk from the centre of Gdynia.
The TV in the living room includes Netflix with over 200 films to choose from.
Some rooms are set on 2 levels.
Some rooms face the quiet courtyard.
At Centr'Appart you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
The property offers free parking.
The accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
Free private parking is offered. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Some of them also include a fireplace.
GL Hotel houses a 24-hour front desk with luggage storage space.
All units here are equipped with a TV.
On-site parking is free for guests at Haus Torgerson.
It features a fitness centre, a spa and free wired internet in the guestrooms.
The heated rooms are spacious and bright and include a TV and views of the surrounding countryside.
Free private parking is possible on site.
St Petersburg-Clearwater Airport is 23 km from the property.
The property offers free parking.
Hotel Swapna International is located in Mumbai, 1.3 km from Girgaum Chowpatty Beach.
Certain units have a seating area where you can relax.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Free WiFi access is available and 3 daily meals are included.
Hospedagem Venerável is located in Gramado.
The nearest airport is Changi Airport, 14 km from the property.
This holiday home is 64 km from Juan Santamaría International Airport.
The property also features a sauna and a fitness room for guests.
It just 20 metres from restaurants and local shops.
Both the Hunderfossen and Hafjell ski centres are a 20-minute drive away.
The property's restaurant offers full-board meals.
The distance to Hoai River is 1.3 km.
Free private parking is also possible on site.
Free WiFi and free parking are available.
Tapachula International Trade Fair and the city’s train station are both within 700 metres.
The kitchen includes a dishwasher, oven and refrigerator.
Dusseldorf International Airport is 8 km away.
Situated in Kotor, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi.
One of Argentina’s main attractions, Perito Moreno Glacier, is a 2-hour drive away.
Free WiFi is available.
Guests can enjoy satellite TV channels and video-on-demand movies.
Each has a private bathroom with a shower.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
Chalets and apartments at Presbytère open out to a mountain-view balcony.
The nearest ski lifts are 3 km away.
A variety of refreshing drinks and light snacks is also served at the poolside snack bar throughout the day.
The nearest airport is Honolulu Airport, 12 km from the property.
It is equipped with air conditioning and free Wi-Fi in all areas.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and DVD player.
An en suite bathroom is provided as well and comes with free toiletries.
Every room includes a microwave and a small refrigerator.
Gaoqi Airport is 13 km from the hotel.
Luggage storage, laundry and dry cleaning services are also available.
Free private parking is available on site.
The guest house also offers car hire.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
In summer the Kaprunerhof is an ideal starting point for hikes and bicycle and mountain bike tours.
All accommodation features a sofa, dining area and tea/coffee making facilities.
Barbecue facilities are also available on site.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 16 km from Adagio on Nevsky Prospect.
Guests of the Club Didyma can enjoy a variety of activities, including billiards, table tennis and darts.
Guests can enjoy a continental breakfast each morning and there is free Wi-Fi throughout the property.
The private bathrooms are complete with a hairdryer and bidet.
At Mega Hostel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
Guests can relax on the terrace or in the bar of the Sighisoara Hotel BinderBubi.
Heinrich-Heine underground station is a 5-minute walk away.
Fiumicino Airport is 20 km away.
The sandy beaches of Torre Vado are 3.5 km away, while San Gregorio is a 10-minute drive from the bed and breakfast.
Guests have access to free Wi-Fi, as well as a free sauna and gym.
Other facilities offered include luggage storage.
Within a walking distance from Otdykh there are shops, restaurants and clubs.
Facilities of Ilci Residence include free Wi-Fi and an indoor pool.
Some have a balcony.
Zadar city center is 6 km away.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
On-site parking is free.
This apartment offers a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
You have free Wi-Fi in the hotel’s public areas.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Continental breakfast is included.
Free parking and free WiFi is available.
Shops, bars and restaurants are within a 3-minute walk of the property.
Free WiFi is provided .
The bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
The property is within 500 metres from Rapti River and Chitwan National Park.
The modern and soundproofed rooms at Hotel do Vale are fitted with a minibar.
Breakfast is served Monday to Saturday from 06:30 to 10:00 and on Sunday from 06:30 to 11:00.
Some restaurants can be found 15 km away.
Many restaurants and cocktail lounges are located in the surrounding area.
Rooms are fitted with windows offering natural sunlight.
The air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a seating area with sofa and work desk.
Daily maid service is included.
The living room has patio doors that open out to a Juliet balcony that looks out over the river.
Main Bus Station and Ferry Port can be found in Zadar, 45 km away.
The bathroom includes a shower.
Samui Airport is a 25 km drive away.
At Apple Suite guests will find a garden and a terrace.
The bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The property is a 25-minute drive from Tsingtao Beer Museum.
Variety of restaurants and shops can be found within a short walk from all apartments.
Free private parking is offered on site.
Free parking is provided.
Guesthouse Bruschetti is 600 metres from Naviglio della Martesana canal.
WiFi in public areas is free.
The Ramada is located on the Tunisian coast, near the sandy beaches of the Côte de Carthage.
Free WiFi access is available and guests are served an optional breakfast for an extra fee.
Some rooms offer panoramic sea views.
The licensed restaurant on site serves dinner daily from 18:00 to 20:00.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
Bodenmais is 22 km from Gästehaus Fidelis, while Sankt Englmar is 22 km away.
Wake-up service is available.
Breakfast is served daily and guests can enjoy regional cuisine at the Printemps Restaurant.
Saint-Tropez is just 17 km away.
Towels and bed linen are featured at hearteide.
A free Japanese-style breakfast is served daily on a first-come, first-served basis.
Megaplaza Shopping Mall is 1.5 km away.
The hotel is 7 km from Freising and the Weihenstephan brewery.
Each season the menu changes and different meals are served.
WiFi access is available.
Vilnius Airport is 10 km away.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
It features a sauna and an indoor pool.
Jiaxing Olympic Hotel is 6 km from Jiaxing Train Station and the city centre.
The nearest supermarket is 50 metres away.
The shared bathroom amenities are in the hallway.
Free private parking is available on site and Caen is 45 km away.
A salt water pool is also offered.
Ngurah Rai International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
Guests should bring camping equipment, and there is a shower and toilet block on-site.
The hotel also provides laundry services and a 24-hour front desk.
You can play billiards at the hotel.
They also come with a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV.
You will find a kettle in the room. The rooms come with a private bathroom.
The Lake Vrana Nature Park and Ornithological Reserve is located at a distance of 7 km from the apartments.
The property offers free parking.
A bar is also available.
This modern hotel has an on-site spa and wellness centre.
There is a range of Thai restaurants located within a 2-minute ride from the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
The property is just 5 minutes from the Main Market.
Cocktails, drinks and light snacks are also available at the bar.
Some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
The Zambala can arrange a shopping service on request.
The 4-bedroom house features a terrace with barbecue facilities and ocean views.
The bathroom comes with a bath and a shower.
Every room has a TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
The property features luggage storage and laundry service.
Guests can enjoy food in the on-site restaurant or have a drink in the bar.
Just a 1-minute walk from Estacion beach, Hotel Saint Denis offers accommodations in Tomé.
Some rooms enjoy views over the Aegean Sea.
There is also a dining area.
Guests can rent a bicycle to explore the beautiful surroundings at leisure.
Ironing facilities are available on request.
Stuttgart city centre is about 25 kilometres away.
The hotel offers a choice of spacious overground or underground rooms.
The nearest airport is Genoa Cristoforo Colombo Airport, 22 km from the property.
Packed lunches are provided on request.
Subject to availability, free parking spots are available in the street.
Rooms come with a TV and minibar, while the modern bathrooms include a hairdryer.
Featuring stylish interiors, the hotel offers modern rooms with air conditioning and free WiFi.
The hostel also offers a shared lounge and laundry facilities.
Barcelona El Prat Airport is 15 km away.
They can also book tickets for flamenco shows or visits to the Alhambra.
Table tennis and barbecue facilities are available in the garden.
At Villa Comfort you will find a garden with a gazebo and barbecue facilities.
Free WiFi access is provided throughout.
The restaurant offers regional cuisine.
All studios feature a view of the lake or the mountains.
The accommodation comes with a kitchenette that offers a microwave, an electric kettle and a refrigerator.
All local calls are free.
Check-in takes place directly at your apartment to save you time.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Free luggage storage is available.
A ticket service and luggage storage are offered at Los Montes guest house.
Other facilities offered at the property include dry cleaning, an ironing service and laundry facilities.
Please note: the reception desk is closed after 21:00.
The nearest airport is Kaliningrad Khrabrovo Airport, 19 km from the property.
The closest Metro is Chatelet.
The Kahului Airport is 10 miles away.
The nearest airport is Anapa Airport, 6 km from Guest house Belaya Liliya.
Villa-Otel' Provans features free WiFi .
Free private parking is possible on site.
Sauna and hot tub are available in the facility located in the centre of Ostrzyce.
You can enjoy garden view from the room, and extras include bed linen.
The apartments are fitted with wooden floors.
It provides charming accommodation featuring free WiFi access and soothing spa treatments.
The en suite rooms are of various sizes and include TV and tea/coffee.
International dishes are also available.
Some have a private patio, and some have a private terrace.
You will find a kettle in the room.
You have free use of the swimming pool and wellness facilities at the hotel next door.
Amenities, such as TV and air conditioning are also featured.
The private bathrooms feature a shower and bath.
Other facilities at Pie draugiem include a sauna.
Shuttle service is provided on request.
Zadar Airport is 14 km from the property.
Kuala Lumpur International Airport is 44 km away.
Each room is equipped with cable TV and a private bathroom.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Some room also have a balcony.
Bicycle rentals are also provided.
Spa facilities at the Hotel Bernstein include a modern sauna and a relaxation room.
A washing machine and a ski storage are also available.
Certain units feature views of the mountain or garden.
Free private parking is provided on site.
Free Wi-Fi access is also available in public areas.
Ennio Tadini Stadium is less than a 5-minute drive from Apartment Parmense.
The Port of Piraeus is accessible by ferry within less than 2 hours.
A sweet breakfast featuring coffee, tea, croissants and juices is offered daily.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in all areas.
Some also have a living area with a well-equipped kitchenette.
Airports are available in Tivat and Podgorica, both 40 km away.
Ubud Monkey Forest is 5 km from Putri Villa, while Elephant Cave is 6 km away.
The nearest airport is Warsaw Chopin Airport, 7 km from Top Floor Hostel.
Cross-country skiing is possible as trails start within 5 km of the property.
Nebelhorn I ski lift is just 1.4 km away.
Bed linen is available.
Maid service is provided once in 4 days.
Sandton Gautrain Station is 2.5 km from the property.
Limenas Port is within 12 km of the property.
There is a hairdresser 50 metres from the property.
The waterfront is 2.5 km away.
The elegantly-decorated apartment features a view of the city.
The University of Michigan is a 25-minute drive away.
The hallways and stairs were renovated in 2012.
A microwave, small fridge, and coffee-making facilities are provided.
Hikkaduwa Town is 25 minutes away by car while Colombo City is a 1.5-hour drive away.
It offers free parking and free WiFi access.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge, individual lockers and a tour desk.
This resort is 50 km from Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport.
Yaremche is 9 km from Visyt, while Vorokhta is 25 km from the property.
Apartments and studios also include a fully equipped kitchenette.
Guests are offered air-conditioned accommodation with a TV.
Jimmy’s studios are spacious and open out to a balcony or patio.
There is also a wide continental selection.
It features a restaurant, terrace and free Wi-Fi.
Dan Hotel also offers room service and a complimentary coffee/tea service on the terrace.
In the surrounding area, there are quite a few local restaurants for your choice.
A microwave and a toaster can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
The air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a wardrobe.
Overlooking the beach, the Pool Deck bar offers light meals and drinks.
It features a colourful lounge with a big plasma TV and a shared kitchen.
Free private parking is possible on site.
You can enjoy mountain view from the room.
The Movie Park Germany Theme Park in Bottrop is just a 20-minute drive away.
A 30-minute walk will take you to a solitary beach down the caldera.
Every room includes free Sky-TV.
Guestrooms at Muine Lotus Resort feature panoramic views of the ocean and Muine Beach.
Guests are welcome to relax in the Chiemgauhof’s spa area with sauna and solarium.
Free WiFi access is available.
A bus to/from Cagliari stops 300 metres from the house.
Noen City is located in Ulan-Ude, 1 bus stop from city centre.
It is located 2 km from Big Buddha.
A continental breakfast is served each morning.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
Private bathroom comes with a shower.
A wide range of dining options can be found within walking distance.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
An LCD TV, refrigerator, hairdryer and electric kettle are provided in each room.
Kaunas is 9 km from OverNight, while Birštonas is 33 km away.
The surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling.
You can drive to central Arrecife and Lanzarote Airport in around 30 minutes.
Offering an external shower, it also has private parking.
Rooms include a private bathroom.
Hotel Villa Sonia is set above Taormina.
The restaurant serves Mediterranean cuisine and South Tyrol specialities at dinner.
The Sofienberg Park is 400 metres away.
Milan Linate Airport is 29 km away.
The property offers free parking.
On site parking is possible.
A microwave, refrigerator, kitchenware, and a stovetop can be found in the apartment’s kitchenette.
Bed linen is provided.
Wi-Fi access is also available.
The property is 35 km from Seminyak area and 36 km from Ngurah Rai International Airport.
It is just 200 metres from the nearest supermarket and restaurants.
For a fee, a shuttle to the airport can be arranged.
Predjamski Castle is about 12 km from the property.
The Metekhi Church is a 5-minute walk away.
This property is housed in a building of over 400 years old and free Wi-Fi access is available.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the bar or a swim in the pool.
Towels are provided.
Additionally, there is a games room and luggage storage.
The Madeira International Airport is an 18-minute drive from the property.
Available round-the-clock, the friendly staff can assist guests with their requests throughout the day.
Complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has an electric kettle.
Located in the centre of Gusev, Center Hostel is a 2-minute walk from the banks of Pissa River.
Free WiFi is available and garage parking is possible at a surcharge.
Rooms at the Himara come with air conditioning and a private bathroom.
Extras include bed linens and free toiletries.
The suite offers one-bedroom and a lounge area that accommodates a double sleeper couch.
Miami International Airport is 25 minutes’ drive from these apartments.
Free WiFi access is available in all public areas.
Fresh bread rolls can be delivered every morning, and breakfast is available on request.
Within 100 metres from the property, guests can find restaurants and supermarkets.
A terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms.
Guests can benefit from shared bathrooms.
The property is 1 km from Grand Bazaar, 1.6 km from Basilica Cistern and 2.3 km from Topkapi Palace.
There is a restaurant and tour desk on-site.
Private parking is available on site.
You can play billiards at the inn.
Il Moro e La Siciliana offers air-conditioned accommodation in the centre of Trapani, 300 metres from the port.
Murcia Airport is less than 20 minutes’ drive away.
Alicante Airport is 45 minutes’ drive away.
Each unit offers a fridge and a TV.
The restaurant serves specialities from the South Tyrol region.
The nearest airport is Zadar Airport, 19 km from Apartmani Mare.
Casa Vacanze Oristano is 25 km from the city of Oristano.
Free private parking is available on site.
You can enjoy mountain view from the room.
Yaremche is 33 km from Oaza, while Vorokhta is 24 km from the property.
Mina is 2.9 km from Al Saad Hotel, while Makkah Mall is 3.2 km away.
The countryside and surrounding mountains offer opportunities for hiking.
Different saunas and a steam bath can be used free of charge.
AquaArena Toyohashi is 6 km away.
Split Airport is located 46 km away.
It has spacious public areas with free Wi-Fi access.
La Pinta Beach is 300 metres away.
The popular Baredine Caves can be visited 7 km away.
All of the quiet rooms at the Gästehaus-Weingut Loersch-Eifel have a country-house design.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant serving Indian, Chinese and continental fare.
Rooms come with a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Some rooms have views of the pool or garden.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
There is also a bar. Hotel del Pozo also has a business centre.
Guests benefit from terrace.
The Kazanskiy Cathedral is 8 minutes from the hostel by public transport.
The Sunnegga Funicular is a 5-minute walk away.
The staff can help recommend nearby walking paths.
The property provides free private parking on site, and is 20 km from Pitigliano.
The restaurant serves European dishes and the bar has a broad selection of wines.
Sun loungers and umbrellas are provided at the sun terrace by the pool.
Bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
A buffet breakfast is served daily.
Some bedrooms have vaulted ceilings.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
All rooms of La Truite provide cable TV and a washing basin.
The holiday homes have a bathroom fitted with a walk-in shower.
Room service is available.
A dishwasher, an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchenette.
Organised boat trips are provided on request.
A limousine is available for airport pick-ups and other destinations.
The nearest airport is Varna Airport, 8 km from Varna Apartment Summer Rental.
Continental breakfast is available for a surcharge.
A Japanese breakfast set is served at the dining room for an extra cost.
Guests can enjoy their meals indoors or outdoors on the terrace.
An à la carte breakfast can be prepared at any time of the day.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 10 km from the property.
Schiphol Airport is 10 km from the property.
Many restaurants, bars and shops can be reached within 100 metres.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven. A microwave, a fridge and stovetop are also provided, as well as a kettle.
A balcony, air conditioning and a TV can be found in spacious rooms at Sayeban Resort & Spa Hotel.
Guests can exercise in the gym or get some work done in the business center.
Room service is available.
Guests can relax in the property’s garden, furnished with tables and chairs.
The Gateway of India is 50 km.
Hotel Tayka de Sal is 3 hours from Uyuni Airport by car.
Car rental and airport shuttle services are available at a surcharge.
The property offers free parking.
The kitchen comes with a washing machine, stove and microwave.
Other facilities at Villa Eko-Dom include a spa centre, sauna and solarium.
It offers a fresh water infinity pool, pampering spa services and a beachside restaurant.
The Pittsburgh International Airport is 20 minutes away.
There is also a terrace where you will find sun loungers and parasols.
The nearby subway stations offer easy access to the Akihabara, Ueno and Asakusa areas.
The Sea Life Aquarium is across the street from Floreal, Blankenberge Casino is 1.6 km away.
There is also a dining area and a barbecue on the terrace.
A rocky beach is 2 km away, while a sandy beach is located 3 km from the property.
In Apartamentos Central’s building, there is an ice cream shop offering meals and snacks.
In the summer guests can enjoy the sun on the lawn as well as the beautiful view of the nearby mountains.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
H Hotel is located in Ulsan, 1.2 km from Ulsan Culture & Arts Center. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Lukou International Airport is a 40-minute car journey away.
Free WiFi and private on-site parking are available.
Il Cortile Di Eolo is 5 minutes' walk from the harbour and ferry port in Marettimo.
Guests can also relax in the garden with a terrace.
Santiago de Campostela Train Station is 1 km from the guest house.
Homemade fudge is placed in every room.
There is also a sauna.
Each unit comes with a private bathroom with a shower.
Free parking is available on site.
It has a large outdoor pool and accommodation furnished with teak wood furnishings.
From 2014, there is a gym with a small climbing wall, mirrors or wall bars.
The nearest metro station is located only steps away.
Milan Linate Airport is 14 km away.
The nearest sandy beach is about 15 km away.
It is situated 15 km from the city of Saint-Malo and 20 km from Dinard.
The unit is 400 metres from Gdańsk.
The Main Bus and Train Station can be reached within 1 km from the Korona Hotel.
You will also find a kettle and a telephone in the room.
Guests enjoy free Wi-Fi and free use of a shared sauna and gym.
Bed linen is available.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Toirano Caves are a 20-minute drive away.
The port is only 200 metres away and Sainte Agathe Fort is 500 metres from the hotel.
You can engage in various activities, such as skiing, cycling and hiking.
The Eisriesenwelt Ice Caves can be reached in a 20-minute drive.
Other recreational activities include mahjong room and tennis.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Calgary Zoo Botanical Garden & Prehistoric Park is 11km away.
It features a garden and BBQ facilities.
Petrovsky Stadium is 1.6 km from the property.
In the summer, a garden restaurant is available.
The hotel can also arrange guided tours of the local area.
The on-site sauna and the steam bath, as well as laundry services, are available at a surcharge.
Providing free Wi-Fi, it features a coffee shop and a 24-hour reception.
Offering a restaurant, Hotel Palmacenter offers self-catering accommodation.
Guests can enjoy the on-site wellness centre and the hotel’s garden.
Featuring a shower, shared bathroom also comes with a bathrobe and towels.
Florence and Lucca are less than a one-hour train ride away.
Laundry and fax/photocopy services are available as well.
Rooms come with a shared bathroom.
The area offers perfect conditions for fishing and paragliding.
Some rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
Assos Beach is 300 metres away.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in all rooms.
The air-conditioned house features a kitchen, indoor and outdoor dining area and living room with TV.
There is also a dishwasher.
At Hotel Beira Mar you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
Free parking is offered on site.
The en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
Towels and a daily maid service are included.
The property offers free parking.
Rua José Paulino and Rua 25 de Março feature a variety of stores and markets and are equally a 15-minute drive away.
It offers complimentary Wi-Fi access and private parking.
Northern Michigan University is 2 miles from this hotel.
Hotel Max Inn can be conveniently reached by car, as it is close to the D2 motorway.
The guest house is 2 km from Joaquina Beach and 7 km from Conceicao Lagoon.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
Maragogi is 36 km from Divinos Flat.
It proposes self-catering studios with free Wi-Fi internet access.
The restaurant specialises in traditional Elba cuisine.
Guests can also benefit from a sea view on the balcony and there is also a patio and a terrace.
Free newspapers are available at the reception.
It offers fine cuisine and free parking.
It has a restaurant and bar.
It offers a courtyard and free Wi-Fi access.
Lungo Le Mura is a 15-minute walk from Palazzo Pitti and Boboli Gardens.
Located in Recife, Gavoa Flat offers an outdoor pool and a restaurant.
For convenience, airport shuttle services are available at a surcharge.
Hong Hua Fang Chinese Restaurant serves authentic Sichuan and Cantonese cuisines.
The property offers free parking.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
Close to shops and restaurants, it provides a patio with flowers.
Each room includes a private bathroom with a bathtub and a hairdryer.
Free private parking is available on site.
All rooms at Hotel VZ Měřín come with a refrigerator, a TV, a safety deposit box and a private bathroom with a shower.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi access is available in the entire property.
Both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 1.5 km of the property.
Šibenik is 13 km from the property.
You can play billiards at the property, and ski equipment hire and bike hire are available.
Cabañas la Villa del Montañes is 1.5 km from the city centre and the bus terminal.
It offers elegant rooms with air conditioning.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property, complete with a concierge service.
There is also a children's playground, a tennis court and a basketball court.
A rich buffet breakfast is provided each morning in the Loccumer Hof’s elegant restaurant.
Free WiFi access is available in this homestay.
Samui Airport is 18 km away.
Each week, a new lunchtime menu is available.
The property offers free parking.
Maredsous Abbey is 19 km from this property.
The mountain-view apartments feature parquet floors, and exposed wooden beams on the ceilings.
The apartment is designed in bright colours and features a flat-screen TV and a washing machine.
Towels and linens are included.
This holiday home is 125 km from Toronto Pearson International Airport.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave. Every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
It has a restaurant and a 24-hour front desk.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, a balcony and a seating area.
Perla Hotel is 350 metres to Caycuma Bus Terminal.
Featuring free WiFi and an outdoor pool, Hotel Mundaí Praia offers accommodation in Porto Seguro.
There is a wine store 300 metres from the apartment.
Alicante is 46 km from Casa Mika el Molinet.
Snack bar is ideal for a quick bite, and the bar is ideal for sipping a drink after a busy day.
On request and for free, a pick-up service from San Candido Train Station is provided.
Apartamentos KM1 Tirso De Molina has an ideal location in central Madrid.
The large rooms at the Don Fadrique feature wooden floors and classic-style décor.
It is a short drive to the historic cities of Würzburg (35 km) and Bamberg (50 km).
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
There is an 24-hour front desk at the property where luggage storage and safety deposit box are available.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each room is stocked with 2 bottles of water daily.
The nearest airport is Guilin Liangjiang International Airport, 24 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Pardubice Airport, 67 km from Hospůdka u Zvoničky.
A breakfast is offered daily and is served on the terrace, the patio or in the lounge.
In the summer they can be enjoyed in the garden.
Packed lunches can be requested.
With simple décor, this accommodation provides guests with a TV and air conditioning.
All rooms offer a balcony, a flat-screen satellite TV and a minibar.
A fridge and kettle are also provided.
Each unit comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The property features whale watching and an outdoor pool.
During summer breakfast and dinner are served in Il Monte's large and quiet garden.
Enjoy high tea at the Lobby Bar, as well as snacks at the Pool Terrace Bar.
The nearest airport is Krasnodar International Airport, 12 km from Hostels Rus - Krasnodar Stavropolskaya.
Camping Aguas Claras is 3 km from the Portuguese border.
The area is ideal for visiting museums, such as the Picasso Museum at 200 metres or the Louvre Museum at 2 km.
Each also includes an electric kettle and pre-packaged products for breakfast.
A flat-screen TV, a DVD player and a refrigerator can also be found in each room.
The rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV. Every room is equipped with a private bathroom.
Shops and restaurants can be found within 1 km.
The closest city with banking facilities is Nykøbing Falster, 25 km away.
For convenience, it features a washer and tumble dryer and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
A restaurant, bar and a grocery shop are 300 metres away.
It features a seasonal spa and restaurant, and rooms with LCD TVs and wood floors.
Howard Johnson Inn Kent is 13 miles from Ed Munro Seahurst Park.
Continental and vegetarian options are also available.
Paris - Orly Airport is 13 km from the property.
All have views of the mountains or the Güeña River, which runs beside the hotel.
The 2-floor apartment features 2 bedrooms, a living room with a sleeping area, a kitchen, and 2 bathrooms.
Each room includes a TV. Some units have a seating area for your convenience. A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Guests can enjoy walking by the sea and restaurants can be found within walking distance.
The Zeller See Lake can be reached in a 5-minute walk.
These functional apartments are set in the Gracia district.
Hotel Il Cortile is a family-run hotel in the Sicilian village of Custonaci.
Just 9 km away, you find the Mys Dobroy Nadezhdy Water Park and Berdyansk Leisure Park.
Select rooms include a refrigerator.
The Gorée Island boarding point is just a 10-minute drive away.
Some rooms have a garden-view patio and free Wi-Fi.
Celtic Football Club stadium is under 10 minutes’ drive away.
The nearest airport is Munich Airport, 32 km from Feudales Apartement.
Waterford Golf Club is 2.5 miles away.
Olympic Park is located a 15-minute walk from the property.
Horseshoes, barbecues, and a fire pit are also included.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and fridge.
Guglielmo Marconi Airport in Bologna is a 20-minute drive away.
The air-conditioned unit is 5 km from Cala Major Beach.
Free WiFi is available.
A garden and barbecue facilities are available.
City Hotel Wetzlar features free WiFi access and free private parking.
Guests of the Brunswick Rodeway Inn are welcome to enjoy the picnic area with barbeque grill.
Many outdoor activities are available in the area surrounding the Drei Bären.
Free WiFi is included.
State Russian Museum is 10 km from Apartment MURANO, while Hermitage Museum is 11 km away.
Avebury Stone Circle is a 10-minute walk away.
Wi-Fi is free.
Free private parking is available on site.
Barbecue facilities are available for guest to use.
Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport is 41.4 km away.
At Willa Eden you will find a garden with barbecue facilities, a playground and a terrace.
This holiday home is 65 km from Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport.
The nearest airport is Kerry Airport, 14 km from the property.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Each of them has a private bathroom with a shower.
Breakfast is included, and free WiFi access is available.
It is a 10-minute walk to Pasar Seni Gili Trawangan, where a food court is located.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The pension is 2 km from the centre of Costeşti, which hosts a range of restaurants and bars.
The property offers free parking and is 1.5 km from the bus station.
A gift shop and a hair salon are located on site.
The property offers free parking.
Tréport-Mers-les-Bains Train Station is only a 10-minute walk away.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and oven.
The property is 5 km from Vason and 15 km from Trento.
Extras include a washing machine and tumble dryer at Velocity Downtown Condo.
The beach in Canneto is 15 minutes' drive away.
The first-floor Coffee Shop serves international buffet spreads.
Tekapo Retreat offers accommodation in Lake Tekapo, 41 km from Twizel.
There is also a fridge, a microwave and a dishwasher.
Louvre Museum is 800 metres from Welcome Hotel, while Notre Dame Cathedral is 900 metres away.
Free private parking is available on site.
The beaches of Marotta are 9 km from the property.
It is fitted with a living room, sound-proof walls, flat-screen TVs, minibar and a safety deposit box.
The nearest airport is Pula Airport, 48 km from the property.
There is also a bar serving snacks and drinks throughout the day.
It takes 5 minutes to walk to Nevsky Prospekt Metro Station.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The Beaubourg area of Paris is a 15-minute walk away down the animated Rue Montorgueil.
The kitchen is well-equipped and includes a dishwasher.
A balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
All of them have satellite TV and air conditioning.
The Hintertuxer Glacier can be reached by car in 40 minutes.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
The UNESCO-protected Plitvice Lakes National Park is 40 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Erdek district centre is within 4.5 km.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Hiking tours and an airport shuttle can be organised by staff.
The nearest airport is Ben Gurion Airport, 19 km from the property.
The property also offers packed lunches.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Army Historic Museum and Fort of Copacabana is 2 km from the property, while Botafogo Beach is 2.5 km.
Mustang Beach Airport is 5 minutes' drive from the property.
There's a fully equipped kitchen.
The Odissea 2000 waterpark is a 20-minute drive away.
It features the large Aquarena spa area and an indoor pool.
Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion is 10 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 21 km from the property.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
The tour desk helps guests organise excursions to tourist attractions.
The garden features a patio and stone BBQ.
The hotel is a 5-minute ride to Jungceylon Shopping Mall.
Toulouse-Blagnac Airport is located 55 km from Petit Saussignac.
The local bus stand is 5 km away. The architectural marvel that is the City Palace is 4 km from the property.
Within walking distance of the complex, guests will find traditional taverns and mini markets.
Free WiFi access is available.
The café opens from 10:00 until 23:00 (00:00 at the weekend).
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
Breakfast can be enjoyed in the living room or, if weather permits, outside on the picnic tables.
A variety of rooms are available at Nearalhambra, some with shared bathrooms featuring hydromassage showers.
All have a private bathroom and free WiFi.
Set on El Duque Square, Hotel Duquesa is located in the heart of Seville.
It offers self-catering accommodations including a holiday home and an apartment facing the lake.
Khmer and Western dishes are served at the on-site restaurant and bar.
A Continental breakfast is served.
Pudong International Airport takes 50-minute drive to reach.
At Ayu Guest House guests will find shared kitchen and living room.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
Wenceslas Square with Prague National Museum lies within a 5-minute walk.
Breakfast is served daily in a café just 20 metres from the hotel.
The front desk is available 24/7.
The hotel is a 10-minute walk from local Kashi-no-ichi fish market.
Some rooms have fragments of the original masonry walls.
Milas-Bodrum Airport is located 29 km from the property.
Upstairs you will find a large double bedroom with a sofa.
Some units have a seating area and/or balcony. There is also a kitchen in some of the units, fitted with a microwave and fridge.
Tapas and roasted meat dishes are offered.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen.
It’s the ideal place for a restful stay near the mountains.
It is now a 32-bedroom hotel offering free Wi-Fi, and free parking.
Parking is available free of charge on site.
A free airport pickup service is provided.
Durban city centre is 6 km away.
There is a restaurant and a 24-hour front desk.
Hiking trails start right outside.
Ben Gurion Airport is located 36 km away.
They all have an en suite shower room with free toiletries.
The 24-hour front desk provides laundry services and fax facilities.
The centre of Vilnius also accommodates a range of eateries.
The property offers free parking.
All rooms come with a private bathroom.
Guests will be 35 minutes’ drive from Charlotte Douglas International Airport.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
POD Camps Bay serves a full breakfast made from fresh local ingredients.
The private bathroom comes with a bath, and towels and linen are provided.
Pula Airport is located 37 km from Apartments Anica.
There is a guest lounge including a library of books and games are available at the bar.
Free parking is available.
Some rooms feature four-poster bed.
A full-service business centre and laundry facilities are also on site.
The Birch Hill Recreation Area and Big Dipper Ice Arena are both within 10 minutes of the hotel.
Bed linen is provided.
The property offers free parking.
The property is 100 metres from the Sacred Art Museum and 400 metres from Agustín Rivera Museum.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Maisky Hotel is located in Adler, a 5-minute walk from Black Sea beach.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Daily room cleaning is provided at the Pana.
The apartment is 2.7 km from Peak 8 SuperConnect.
Salzburg can be reached within 36 minutes by car and Mondsee is a 20-minute drive away.
The terrace includes a table and chairs.
The apartments come with air conditioning and a washing machine.
Just 2 km from the nearest beach, it features 2 outdoor swimming pools and a restaurant.
The resort also provides laundry services and meeting rooms.
At Ria Cameron Hotel, staff can converse in Malay, Chinese and English.
Phat Hoc Pagoda is 2 km from the property.
The bathrooms come with shower.
Dining options include a shared kitchen where guests can cook for themselves.
The property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
Dufays Hotel is 10 minutes’ drive from the centre of Malmedy.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
The guest house has a barbecue and sun terrace, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
Private bathroom comes with a shower.
Free Wi-Fi is provided throughout the property.
Free WiFi is featured.
All suites include seating areas with a flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi.
Free public parking is available nearby.
Extras include a desk and bed linen.
Enjoy a drink in the lounge where photos of Chaplin decorate the walls.
Private parking is available at an extra cost.
Friendly staff can organise cooking classes and wine tasting.
Bright and spacious, the air-conditioned rooms all come with a seating area and views of the garden.
Faro Airport is 160 km from Pátios Da Vila.
Each room has a TV, telephone, trouser press and tea and coffee facilities.
Some rooms feature views of the sea or mountain.
A number of restaurants and coffee shops are located within a walking distance from Al Rashed Hotel Apartments.
Bed linen is available.
Wheelchair access is also available.
A continental breakfast is provided daily.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Honolulu Airport is located 12 km away.
It is located on the main road connecting Ljubljana and Rijeka.
All rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV. Certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
Ulyanovsk Baratayevka Airport is 10 km away.
Airport transfers are offered for an extra charge.
Javea Town Centre is just 4.5 km from Casa Sarah.
The fully equipped kitchen features a refrigerator, a coffee maker and an oven.
Salgado Filho Airport is within 76 km.
There is also a covered terrace and a terrace by the pool.
A paid public parking is available nearby.
All rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
Breakfasts are served every morning on site.
Copying and printing services are available without charge.
Free WiFi is provided .
Free parking spaces are available outside the Hotel Goldflair am Rathaus.
Free parking is possible nearby.
All units have a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and oven.
The traditionally decorated suites also provide a dining area and ceiling fans.
All air-conditioned rooms feature a fridge, toaster and tea and coffee making facilities.
Bus service to Corfu Town runs once a day.
You can enjoy a sea view and a mountain view from all the rooms.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
The property offers free parking.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
A TV is offered.
Da Peppe’s restaurant specialises in typical Sicilian cuisine.
FC Barcelona’s Camp Nou Stadium is 2 km away.
With views of the surroundings, the air-conditioned rooms come with a TV.
Each unit has a dining area, where guests can enjoy their meal. Other facilities include a satellite TV, air conditioning and safe.
Guests can also visit the mountain village of Anogia within 27 km.
Guests can enjoy various dishes at the restaurant or have a drink at the bar.
You can make use of the barbecue area in the 200-m2 garden.
Vegetables, olive oil and wine are produced on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
Facilities include a sun terrace and a 24-hour front desk.
Private parking is possible nearby.
Some rooms include views of the mountains or pool.
They come with a balcony and flat-screen cable TV.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
The restaurant serving Lithuanian cuisine is just about 15 metres away.
Offering a restaurant, HFB Hnong Ka is located in Pran Buri.
Staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage.
Apartments have a kitchen with a stove, a dishwasher and an oven.
There is a sun terrace where guests can relax.
Syktyvkar’s railway station is just a 10-minute walk.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
The hotel has an outdoor pool and views of the sea, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Homemade olive oil, wax and paper objects can be bought on site.
All rooms come with a flat-screen TV.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi in all areas.
The property is 3.9 km from Coate Water Country Park and 4.4 km from Lydiard Park.
Gallipoli is a 30-minute drive away.
The property offers free parking.
The property is located 500 metres from the entrance to Bayo Ski Resort.
Warsaw Chopin Airport is 8 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
With a patio, all the apartments will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a kitchenette with a microwave.
Free WiFi and free parking are included.
Each includes 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi access is available.
Los Penitentes ski resort is located 160 km away.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
Orlando International Premium Outlets, which has shopping and dining venues, is 7.6 km away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Rooms at the Montroi City Hotel are decorated in a contemporary style, with touches of bold colour.
Breakfast and slippers can be brought to your room on request.
The ibis La Ciotat hotel also has a swimming pool, restaurant, bar and outdoor terrace.
Bed linen is included.
This holiday home is 11 km from Santorini (Thira) Airport.
The Dvůr Králové Zoo is within 15 km.
Palma Airport is around an hour's drive from the property.
Guests can enjoy European cuisine at the restaurant, or have a drink at one of the hotel’s two bars.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 13 km from the property.
Come and stay in the Hotel Castellina and take it easy in the modern and comfortable rooms.
At the restaurant guests can taste Tuscan dishes.
It features a terrace with panoramic views and a private beach with a parking lot on the shore of Lake Wolfgang.
Sudak is 6 km from Guest House Margarita, while Feodosiya is 34 km from the property.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Bedford Hotel has been owned and run by the Baker family for over 30 years.
Guests enjoy a buffet breakfast daily. It is served either on the terrace or in the breakfast room.
There are also cottages which include a terrace, seating area and a fully equipped kitchen.
Parking is available free of charge.
MoHo M Hostel’s guests have access to the stylish common kitchen including a coffee machine.
Extras include slippers and a hairdryer.
The traditional village of Ayios Nikitas is 6 km from the property.
Kurumoch International Airport is 30 km away.
A Sicilian breakfast made with homemade products can be enjoyed outdoors on the terrace.
Certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
The villa has a 4 bedrooms, a fireplace and a dining table for 10 people.
Most rooms have a private bathrooms and air conditioning.
Breakfast at the family-run Gschwendt is a buffet featuring a range of local produce.
Rooms have an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer, as well as a coffee machine.
It features a swimming pool and barbecue.
The beautiful Old Town is only 900 metres away.
The guests at Hotel Mac Arthur can find cafeteria service with breakfast options.
There is an outdoor swimming pool and all of the rooms have satellite TV.
Seabreeze Lodge Georgetown features a balcony and a patio with outdoor furniture.
Free WiFi access is available in all guestrooms.
The bathroom comes with a shower and bidet.
Certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Accommodation provides a TV with satellite channels, a CD- and a DVD player.
Lunch and dinner are served at the in-house à la carte restaurant.
Alternatively, a selection of dining options is available near the port and beaches.
Guests have access to the business centre and coin-operated laundry facilities.
Breakfast can be enjoyed in the garden when the weather is nice.
Edessa Town with the famous waterfalls is at 30 km.
The bed and breakfast is 3.2 km from Calgary University.
Antalya's iconic Hadrianus Gate can be found less than 100 metres away.
The property is 2 km from The Fingers beach and from Gorlero avenue.
Free bed linen is provided in every apartment.
Beaches and Borj Al Arab airport is a 10-minute drive away.
Guests can relax with a drink in the bar.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
It features a spa complex, indoor pool and modern medical centre.
Select rooms have a spacious sitting area with a sofa bed.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
There is also a new grill menu for guests to enjoy.
Rooms are simply furnished and provide spacious interiors.
Most rooms feature furniture from the interwar period.
There is a restaurant and guests can have fun at the bowling alley.
This family-run bed and breakfast features a lush English-style garden and private terraces.
The property offers free parking.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher.
The apartments comes with a kitchenette and a refrigerator.
The stylish suites and studios overlook the ocean and feature free WiFi.
Catania Fontanarossa Airport is 75 km away.
A breakfast consisting of coffee, and a muffin or a pancake is served every morning.
The accommodation comprises a flat-screen TV, a terrace and a seating area.
Newark International Airport is within a 25-minute drive of the hotel.
Free parking is available on site.
The High Line park and Times Square are both 1.2 km from the apartment.
The nearest airport is Tiruchirapalli Airport, 11 km from Srirangam Homestay.
The centre of Antalya is just 15 km away and can be reached in just 20 minutes by car.
Laundry services are available for an extra fee.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
Arbatax harbour, where ferries to Civitavecchia leave, is a 25-minute drive away.
Some bathrooms also have a hydromassage shower cabin.
You can enjoy garden view.
Holiday home Nøddehaven Oksbøl Denm is located in Oksbøl.
Numerous bars, restaurants as well as supermarkets can be found within 5 minutes’ walk.
Fresh produce from the villa’s farm are used to prepare the dishes.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi internet and free public parking are available at the hotel.
The private bathroom includes a bathtub.
The Hostel is a 15-minute drive from Qingdao Railway Station or Zhaoqiao.
There is also a business centre at the hotel.
Argostoli, the capital of Kefalonia, is 5 km away from the complex.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
Bursa Ataturk Stadium is 1.5 km from the hotel. Bursa Bus Terminal is less 10 km away.
It boasts stunning views of the Mooloolah River.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
There is also an à la carte restaurant and a bar on site.
The nearest highway exit is 2 km away.
Free parking is available on site.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
A variety of restaurants, grocery shops, cafeterias and bars are available.
It offers 3 swimming pools, one of which featuring jacuzzi.
Moskovsky Train station is 6 km from the apartment, while Pulkovo Airport is 25 km away.
The nearest airport is Schiphol Airport, 10 km from Sunrise apartment.
They are bright and simply decorated in peaceful colours with wooden furniture.
This holiday home is 54 km from Pangborn Memorial Airport.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel.
The nearest airport is Lyon - Saint Exupery Airport, 7 km from B&B Hôtel LYON Saint-Bonnet Mi-Plaine.
For convenience, all rooms are also equipped with a work desk and hairdryer.
Accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a balcony.
Pula Airport is located 7 km away.
The aparthotel features free WiFi throughout the property.
Guests can also play billiards and table tennis.
There are many cycling routes that start in Han-sur-Lesse.
Your room comes with air conditioning and satellite TV.
The reception is also open around the clock and breakfast is served from 06:00.
Children under 11 stay for free.
A grocery store and bakery is also found 500 metres away.
Golfclub Salzburg Schloss Fuschl can be reached by car in 10 minutes.
Traditional English pubs and European-style cafés with terraces can be found amongst the area’s beautiful townhouses.
With a scenic village location in Laverstock, the hotel has elegant rooms.
Other facilities include a tennis court, BBQ facilities, and a children's playground.
Punta del Este is 30 km away.
Every room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and is equipped with a TV.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the entire building and free private parking is possible on site.
It features an outdoor pool, a living area with a fireplace, and a garden.
Rooms are located both in the main building and in smaller structures around the vineyard, the pool and the garden.
The nearest airport is Rijeka Airport, 12 km from Apartment Lucy.
Gite Domaine U Bugnu also includes a seasonal, shared outdoor pool.
Bremen's Old Town is less than a 10-minute walk away.
A 24-hour front desk is provided at the Dubois Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
Kackar Restaurant serves a range of international cuisine freshly prepared.
Zurich Airport is 81 km away.
The air-conditioned rooms at Terra Parque Eco Resort are all equipped with a TV, telephone and minibar.
This hotel is 1.4 km from Stockholm’s Old Town and 2 km from the Ericsson Globe Arena.
Other services offered at the property include laundry and airport shuttle.
Energize for the day ahead at the gym.
A fitness centre, a business centre and a guest launderette are available on site.
It offers bright accommodation with a garden and free WiFi access.
SAP Center At San Jose is 1 mile away.
The Raleigh County Memorial Airport is just 2.7 miles away.
Apartments’ terrace and balcony are fitted with a table and chairs. Here, guests can have their meals in warm months.
Newly renovated in 2013, rooms at Pension Max are individually furnished.
A wide variety of nightlife, places to eat and shops can be found within Brighton city centre.
The public outdoor pool Freibad Hippach is 1 km away.
Drinks are available in the lobby bar and on the rooftop terrace.
Fresh bread rolls can be delivered on request at the Gasslihof.
The unit is 900 metres from Jet d'Eau.
Suites include a full kitchen.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free private parking is available at the Joyas Diamante complex.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and a bath or shower.
The nearest airport is Vaclav Havel Prague Airport, 13 km from the property.
Santo Antônio do Pinhal centre is 1.5 km away.
All the cottages are entirely non-smoking.
One of the 2 bathrooms is in one of the 2 bedrooms.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation.
The property’s restaurant offers Provençal specialities.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
The bedrooms and living rooms feature carpeted floors.
Yaremche Train Station is 35 km away, and Ivano-Frankivsk Airport is 87 km from the hotel.
Each room has a private bathroom with a shower and a TV.
The family bathroom offers a spa bath.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
The restaurant specialises in local and classic Italian dishes.
All bedrooms have orthopaedic mattresses.
The bathrooms come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
This family-run guest house is set in a large garden, only 2 km from the centre of L’Isle-sur-la-Sorgue.
The hotel also features a business centre.
The historic Castillo de San Marcos is just 2.4 km away.
Lively Phuket centre is located just 14 km from Patong Green Mountain Hotel.
On request, the owner can pick you up from the train station.
Tie Dao Hotel is situated a 15-minute walk from Fort Provintia and the Confucian Temple.
Sibiu International Airport is 7 km away.
Sauna, Russian steam bath and swimming pools are located within a 10-minute walk away.
Restaurants and shops are 30 metres away.
Ski storage facilities are available on site.
When not enjoying the hotel’s various indoor and outdoor baths, you can check out the gift shop.
Light meals and drinks are also provided there.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests receive a discount at the spa area with sauna, located a 2-minute walk away at a partner hotel.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 16 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is available.
The Touris has gardens and a terrace, while inside there is a TV room and a free Wi-Fi hotspot.
Guests can easily find local restaurants, located within a 3-minute walk from the hostel.
The fully equipped kitchen comes with a fridge and a microwave.
Each comes with a fan and a mosquito net.
Daily housekeeping service is provided.
The historic centre of Portoferraio is a 10-minute walk away.
Free WiFi can be enjoyed throughout the property.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
The Restaurant Miró serves a range of regional and international dishes for lunch and dinner.
A grocery shop and a restaurant are in the immediate vicinity.
It offers a sauna, a 24-hour reception, and a ski storage room.
At New Land House 1 you will find a 24-hour front desk.
There is a grocery store next to the property and a market 300 metres away.
Free Wi-Fi is included.
The property houses a restaurant serving daily buffet breakfast.
The caves of Les Grottes de Han are 7 km away from Hotel Le Limbourg.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Shower facilities are provided in the en suite bathroom.
The nearest airport is Catania Fontanarossa Airport, 48 km from the property.
Other facilities include a barbeque and a children's playground.
Free WiFi access is available.
Free WiFi and free private parking are provided.
The nearest beach is 300 metres away.
At Hotel Karolinka you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
It offers air-conditioned rooms, free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and cocktail bar.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A hot breakfast buffet is served at the Lake Placid Holiday Inn Express each morning.
The hotel offers a public bath, a restaurant and free Wi-Fi access.
Guests can have their meals outdoors on the furnished patio.
Galeão International Airport is located 16 km from the property.
Raimund Theatre is 1.6 km from the property.
The Rába Quelle Thermal Bath in Győr is 14 km away.
The nearest airport is Erfurt-Weimar Airport, 34 km from Haus Sonnenruh.
Each heated room features wooden floors and a TV.
Central Kiev is accessible from the Nyvky metro station, located 2 km from the hotel.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
Some rooms have sea views.
It is situated in a beautiful area with a natural surrounding.
Each room has a TV.
Located nearby is a farmers market and Inglewood neighbourhood.
Air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Facilities include a dishwasher, satellite TV and DVD player.
Langdale Ferry ramp is 10 minutes’ drive away.
The bright, air-conditioned rooms offer warm-coloured interiors and classic-style décor.
Zoosafari Fasanolandia is a 10-minute drive from the Vecchio Mulino Hotel.
A private bathroom and a writing desk are included.
Hrebienok Ski Lift is reachable within 11 km.
It is just 15 minutes’ walk from Fréjus town centre and a 20-minte walk from the beach.
Breakfast is a sweet buffet.
All rooms are situated around the property’s patio and surrounded by the garden.
The property offers free parking.
Each morning breakfast is served in the breakfast room.
Some rooms also have a balcony or terrace.
The city centre is a 5-minute walk away.
It provides a private bathroom, TV, telephone and minibar.
Some villas also have a private kitchen equipped with a stovetop.
Guests can also enjoy in-room cable TV.
Valkmusa National Park is a 30 minutes’ drive from Koivula Guest House.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A buffet breakfast is available every morning and it includes a fresh orange juice or cereals.
Ollanta Inn is located near to the most important mall in the city, Plaza Vea Shopping mall.
Clam Pass Park is 8 minutes' drive away.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Xingcheng Rujia Guest House offers simply-furnished accommodation with a Chinese restaurant.
Itu bus station is 9 km away and the city centre can be reached within a 25-minute drive.
Towels and bed linen are available at Svetlana Apartment on Estonskaya 37.
The famous Iron Bridge across the River Severn is about 2 miles away.
Hotel Bayview also has a business centre, beauty salon and free private parking.
Each room will provide you with a seating area, a mini-fridge and a TV with cable channels.
Each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a seating area. Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Guests also have access to a shared kitchen and a dining room.
Laundry with dry cleaning and rental car arrangement facilities are available.
It offers self-catering accommodation with rustic décor.
Free parking is avilable on site.
Guests who wish to travel around can use car rental service.
Extras include cable channels.
The hotel offers 24-hour front desk service and free public parking on site.
The bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
The hotel also has a restaurant that is open for lunch and dinner.
Free WiFi is available in the public areas.
A complimentary breakfast is served each morning.
The property is 300 metres from Rio Tercero Dam.
Featuring a bath, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a bidet.
Guests can use a shared kitchen equipped with a stove, a fridge, a microwave and a kettle.
Each room is equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
The hotel provides luggage storage services and safety deposit boxes at the 24-hour front desk.
Free private parking is available on site.
The hotel has a swimming pool, a sauna and several fitness rooms.
During summer, the Alpbachtal-Seeland Card is included in the price.
Each has a balcony, some of which overlook the mountains.
In summer there is a free hiking bus.
Guests are invited to relax on deckchairs on the pool terrace or in the garden.
Hotel Camping Mali i Robit is located in Kavajë.
The restaurant also offers lunches and dinners.
Air conditioning, a flat-screen TV and a kitchenette can be found.
Regular buses leave from a bus stop located just 800 metres away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and free parking.
Breakfast is available on request.
There is a shared kitchen in the hotel.
The spacious rooms at Mercure Istanbul Airport boast chic contemporary décor.
This charming country house opens onto a terrace with lovely views.
Traditional multi-course meals are served for dinner at the guests’ rooms or at the dining room.
Diamond Pool Villa is a 5-minute walk to Choeng Mon Beach.
The nearest beach is some 50 metres away.
A varied breakfast buffet is provided in the mornings.
You can enjoy your meals at the poolside with stunning views of the surrounding mountains.
Guests at the Cal Expo Motel 6 can easily spend the day at Raging Waters water park.
It is close to the Cathedral, as well as various restaurants and shops.
There is a shared kitchenette at the property located on the first floor..
There is a selection of shops, bars and restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk of the Canaima.
You can enjoy city view.
Dubrovnik Airport is at a distance of 20 km.
Guests can relax in a garden or on a terrace and make use of a kitchen for shared use.
This wooden chalet features a garden and free WiFi access.
Istanbul Ataturk Airport is located 19.5 km away.
It features on-site dining, gym facilities and modern accommodation.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
It also has concierge services and a restaurant.
The nearest airport is Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport, 19 km from Apartment Erod4.
Guest House Panorama Karpat features free WiFi .
The reception desk works 24 hours a day.
The hostel also offers bike hire.
It provides free bike rental and excellent bus links.
It offers accommodation with a balcony.
The Russian Drama Theatre and St. Volodymyr’s Cathedral are within 20 minutes’ walk of the apartments.
Valledoria is a 17-minute drive from the property, and Porto Torres is 34 km away.
There is a games room with billiards and table tennis.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Buses to Bolzano and San Martino ski slopes stop a 5-minute walk away.
They all include free WiFi, a flat-screen TV, minibar, and bathroom.
You will find a 24-hour front desk, a cash machine, hairdresser's and gift shop at the property.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Arena Corinthians is 25 km from the property and Guarulhos International Airport is 30 km away.
There is also an electric kettle.
Free on-site parking is available.
Room service is also available.
La Spezia is 6 km from Villa Alberto, while Corvara is 15 km from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service.
Monmouth University is 20.2 km from Atlantic Motel.
It features a restaurant, terrace, and free Wi-Fi throughout.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with slippers.
Private parking is available on site.
Each is provided with a sofa, a work desk, and an en suite bathroom.
A hair dryer and telephone are also provided. WiFi is also available.
Business travellers will appreciate the quick connections to the Berchtesgaden Congress Centre.
A buffet breakfast is served daily and has a wide selection of foods.
Located 700 metres from St. Pierre Cathedral, Studio City Centre offers accommodation in Geneva.
Each has a TV set and a private bathroom with a shower.
The hotel offers a free breakfast and free high-speed internet access.
The hotel offers modern rooms with free WiFi and air conditioning.
A traditional breakfast with Cretan products is prepared every day.
Platja de la Granadella Beach is 4 km away.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
All rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath.
A business centre is also available.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a coffee brewer and a microwave.
The apartment features free Wi-Fi.
Bodrum Castle is less than 1 km, Bodrum Marina is a 15-minute walk away.
You will find a kettle in the room. Each room has a private bathroom.
The in-house restaurant, Beach Bar serves a tasty selection of local and international cuisine.
Trieste Airport is located at a distance of 78 km.
Westwood Water Park is only 10 minutes away.
Tennis courts and different water sports facilities can also be found there.
Many restaurants are located within walking distance.
Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood is 2.3 km from the property.
Some rooms also feature a private balcony offering ocean views.
Located by Berlin – Kostrzyn Route Motelik Lord offers rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The property has free WiFi access and free parking.
Meeting facilities are also available.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV.
Towels are offered.
This property features modern apartments with free WiFi, air conditioning, and heating.
Guests can enjoy a drink or enjoy a meal in the property's bar.
The charming and rural landscape offers surprising views.
Some units have a seating area and/or balcony.
Some rooms have a safe and a work desk.
Guests can relax in the sauna or hot tub at the hotel.
A full kitchen and a private entrance are included.
Laundry, dry cleaning and ironing service can be arranged at an additional charge.
All units include a seating area.
Massage services are offered on-site.
Monte da Tojeirinha is located in Alentejo, 500 metres from the Montargil Dam.
All rooms have clean bedding and air conditioning.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Carabassí Beach is just 500 metres away.
Picnic lunches and barbecue facilities are also available.
Complimentary tea and coffee is available 24 hours a day in the guest lounge.
A refrigerator and cable TV are provided in each brightly coloured guest room.
The spa and wellness centre opens every day from 10:00 until 20:00 and features a sauna and Turkish bath.
El Campin Stadium is 2.6 km away.
Nearest beach area is 500 metres away.
It features a restaurant, spa and air-conditioned rooms with balconies.
The property offers free WiFi access and barbecue facilities.
Every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
A relaxation centre and a spa centre are both reachable within a 5-minute walk.
SEA is a villa featuring a garden with a barbecue, set in Bigauņciems.
Breakfast is offered for guests as well as packed lunches.
Lisbon International Airport is 6.7 km away.
Extras include a sofa, a desk and a safety deposit box.
A variety of cafés and grocery shops can be found within a 5-minute walk from the apartments.
Gavrio Port is at 32 km.
Room service options are also available.
Housed in an 18th-century building, Cretan Villa is located in the centre of Ierapetra.
You can explore a variety of attraction sites in a walk tour.
Other facilities offered include a vending machine featuring beverages.
Simferopol Airport is 51 km from the property.
The property is at walking distance from Metro Arts-Loi and Madou.
There is the on-site bar at the property.
Peace Family is 300 metres from Yangshuo Bus Terminal and Yangshuo Park.
All of them have minibars and private bathrooms.
Mineralnye Vody Airport is 26 km away.
The property offers a tennis court and game room.
Split Airport is only 25 km from Podstrana.
Most rooms offer lake and garden views.
Guests can go shopping on Jean Médecin Avenue, just 60 metres away.
Located in Banjarmasin, Hotel Sampaga offers complimentary parking, and is a 10-minute drive from Banjarmasin's city centre.
Hanna Hotel offers accommodation in Istanbul.
Each room has an en suite bathroom, and guests can enjoy pay TV channels.
There is a hairdresser's at the property.
Simonovskiy Val Apartment offers accommodation in Moscow. The apartment is 3.8 km from Gorky Park.
Cochin International Airport is about 140 km away.
Breakfast is prepared every morning, and it can be taken on the veranda overlooking the pool.
Saint-Émilion is 40 km from Les Chardons, while Périgueux is 50 km away.
A microwave and kettle are also featured.
A sound loop is also provided for the hard of hearing.
At Holiday home Slettevej II you will find a sauna, a terrace and garden furniture.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing body massage, or have a barbecue on the beach.
It offers classic-style rooms with free WiFi.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
Set in Kemer, in a tropical garden with palm trees, Selimhan Hotel is just 6 km from Goynuk.
You will find a terrace and a bar.
Other facilities at Holiday Home Stantsiya Solnechnaya include a barbecue.
You will find a kettle in the room. Each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
Hualien City Centre is a 15-minute drive away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can enjoy Chinese, Western and Japanese dishes on the hotel’s 3 restaurants.
Many cafés and restaurants are located a 10-minute drive from the accommodation and guests can get refreshments at the property's bar.
Vnukovo International Airport is 19 km away.
Free coffee is provided every morning at this pet-friendly motel.
Enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the lake or garden.
The nearest airport is Leos Janacek Airport, 21 km from Beskyd Hotel.
A selection of cakes, snacks and coffees is served throughout the day.
The property offers free parking.
The property is 400 metres from Saint Sophia Cathedral and 600 metres from Central Street.
Vilamoura Beach is within 15 minutes’ walking from the Brisa Mar apartment, and the casino is a 5-minute drive.
Guests can have a relaxing massage in the comfort of their rooms, or exercise in the fitness centre.
Guest laundry services are available on site.
All rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
A car rental service is available.
Laundry facilities are on site.
The apartment features free WiFi throughout the property.
Corfu Town and Port are located 4.5 km from the property, while Ioannis Kapodistrias Airport is at a distance of 3.5 km.
The hotel has an outdoor pool and views of the sea, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
Wireless internet is available in the entire hotel free of charge.
Free WiFi is featured .
Free parking is available at the apartments.
Variety of menus for each day from local dishes to international cuisine are prepared.
The beaches of Ammousa and Afteli are at 7 km and 5 km respectively.
The nearest airport is Las Americas Airport, 7 km from the property.
There is a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
Panorama Chalet is 5 minutes’ walk from Dinner Plain’s restaurants and bars.
Excursions can be booked at the tour desk.
The kitchen is fully equipped, including a refrigerator, dishwasher and microwave.
A gift shop and a lift are also featured.
The lively Istiklal Street is 500 metres from away and free WiFi is accessible throughout.
The hotel also offers car hire.
The Hotel Dillenburg welcomes you to relax in its individually furnished rooms.
Dining can be enjoyed in the Výpřež restaurant 300 metres way.
Rooms at Hotel Vasco feature functional décor, cable TV and a fan.
The bathrooms include a hairdryer, and some rooms feature a balcony or terrace.
Phuket Town is a 10-minute drive away.
There is a lounge with satellite TV and a sofa bed.
Towels and bed linen are available in this accommodation. All apartments come with a wardrobe.
Berry and mushroom picking are possible in the surroundings. An array of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and fishing.
Set in an 18th-century mansion, La Maison des Lumieres is a hotel located in Beaumont-de-Lomagne.
A public bus stop with lines around Zadar is just a few steps away.
A lounge with fireplace, terrace with water views and daily buffet breakfast are available.
There are many bars, restaurants and supermarkets nearby.
Offering a restaurant, The Grant Suites is located in Ikeja.
All rooms enjoy access to a shared porch.
The on-site restaurant serves international dishes.
Featuring an indoor swimming pool and a restaurant, Hotel Duta Berlian is located in Bogor.
It has large gardens with swimming pool overlooking the Chianti Valley.
Incheon International Airport is an 80-minute drive away.
The Main Bus Station can be found in Trogir’s centre.
The comfortable holiday home has a living room with a fireplace and cable TV.
The nearest airport is Reykjavík Domestic Airport, 82 km from Hostel Hella.
The apartment complex lies 15 km from Limassol, 30 km from Larnaca and 50 km from Nicosia.
Guests can try creative, international cuisine in the Burghotel’s elegant dining areas.
Stavropol Airport is 11 km from the property.
The property offers a garden and sun terrace.
The wine cellar is stocked with Veneto's finest labels.
Lincoln Park Zoo, Navy Pier and Millennium Park are all less than 2 miles away from the property.
The rooms are fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
Ben Gurion Airport is 14 km away.
The Silistar Beach is 6 km away.
The hotel offers an indoor pool and suites with a fully equipped kitchenette.
It is a 20-minute drive from both the Race Course and Cypress Lakes Golf and Country Club.
The closest train station is in Radstadt, 20 km away.
A flat-screen TV is also available.
The room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
On-site parking is included at no extra cost.
This property is a 10-minute walk from central Kommetje.
Free WiFi is provided.
All accommodation at Buonamici Residence features a TV and private bathroom.
Eduardo Casanova's archeological Museum is 1 km away.
The air-conditioned unit is 29 km from Trapani.
Some come with a terrace.
Guests can enjoy Mediterranean-inspired cuisine for breakfast, lunch and dinner at NoMa Social Restaurant.
Free WiFi access is available in this country house.
The Cog Hill Golf Course is 7 miles from the hotel.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, theme park Oikos is 3.6 km away.
All rooms and most apartments also offer free WiFi.
Free WiFi is offered .
It houses a traditional Indian spa. An outdoor pool and fitness centre also await guests.
Alternatively, there are also many restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel.
Homemade cakes and pastries are served at breakfast.
Supermarkets and grocery stores can be found within 500 metres of the property.
It takes 20 minutes by taxi to Sanya Railway Station.
There is also a lawn for sunbathing.
The apartments also include a fully furnished kitchen.
The hotel's restaurant offers fine traditional and regional cuisine.
Other facilities like ski storage and a children's playground are offered.
Nikos Kazantzakis Airport is located 28 km from the property and Heraklio Port lies within 28 km.
The rooms at the Knoxville Crowne Plaza Hotel include warm colors and hardwood furniture.
Porto Azzurro is reachable by car in around 25 minutes.
Domina Elisir’s pool gives some refreshment during warm days.
A car rental service is also available on site.
For convenience, airport shuttle services are available at a surcharge.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a patio.
The en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities, a bathtub and a hairdryer.
Baan Benjabua is few steps away from Wat Keaw Krowaram Museum.
It has a games room with billiards and table tennis.
A buffet breakfast, including traditional bread and pastries, is prepared every morning at the guest house.
Logan Airport is 62 km from the property.
A vending machine is available in the lobby area and provides drinks.
The private bathrooms are complete with amenities.
Rooms at Beach Haven Resort provide a patio and a seating area.
A terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms.
Enjoy sea views from a private balcony or patio at Hotel Vuoranta.
The rooms are traditionally decorated, modern and very comfortable.
The kitchen is fitted with a microwave. A flat-screen TV is provided.
The next train station is 6 km away.
Podgorica Airport is 75 km away, while Tivat Airport is located 87 km from the property.
A patio boasts golf course views.
Vending machines featuring snacks and drinks are located on-site.
A private bathroom with shower is also available.
En suite bathroom includes shower facility.
Guests can choose between continental and Full Irish options.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a minibar.
The apartment has a furnished terrace, well-equipped kitchen and free WiFi access.
Traditional cooked breakfast is served every morning.
The Jodhpur Airport is 300 km away.
Free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception are featured at Сozy Place Hostel.
Car hire and dry cleaning services are also on offer.
This farm is situated in a natural area which is also very popular for golfing, cycling and hiking.
There is also an electric kettle.
The property offers free parking.
This resort is 53 km from Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport.
The border with Spain is less than 10 minutes’ driving.
Free WiFi is provided .
Gaudi ́s famous Sagrada Familia Cathedral is 1.9 km from the property.
Family rooms are available.
The rooms are colourful and have a classic décor.
The apartment is equipped with ironing facilities and a washing machine, as well as a hairdryer.
Alternatively, there is a snack bar where you can grab some bites.
The nearest airport is Rijeka Airport, 25 km from Apartment Isidora.
Reggio Calabria Airport is 90 km from Simenzaru Wild Village.
Los Cabos International Airport is a 40-minute drive away.
There is an desk.The rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
There is a seating area looking onto the garden.
You can enjoy pool view and garden view from all the rooms.
Make yourself comfortable in the informal ambience and soak up the peaceful green surroundings.
SSR International Airport is 48 km away.
Shops and restaurants are available in about 1 km.
Le Morne is 19 km from Thalie 5, while Balaclava is 74 km away.
Phuket International Airport can be reached within a 1-hour drive from the residence.
The bathroom is fitted with a bath and a shower.
Belvidere is 10 km away.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar and snack bar.
The property boasts a spa centre where guests can enjoy a variety of massages.
Each villa at the resort is equipped with an air conditioning, a cable TV and a private balcony.
The property offers free private parking.
The centre of Sunny Beach is 800 metres away.
Fresh and regional cuisine can be enjoyed in the Hofgut's Giorgios restaurant with terrace
Featuring a bath tub, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
There is a restaurant, and breakfast is provided.
The on site restaurant serves a selection of local dishes.
There is free Wi-Fi in the lobby.
A children’s playground and a ping-pong table are also provided.
A work desk is also provided at Furnished Suites Facing the Manhattan Skyline .
The private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
The property is 24 km from Lac du Bourget and 20 km from exit 14 of the A41 motorway.
The Karlovo Square with the New Town Hall and parks is an 8-minute walk away.
There is a shop 100 metres away.
All units include a seating and dining area.
The hotel offers a rooftop pool and bar with views of the city's Fashion District.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Stavanger Station is within 10 minutes’ walk.
They also have a private balcony.
A spacious garden with summer terrace features barbecue facilities available for guests.
Guests are welcome to eat out in the cafes and restaurants nearby.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
There is free parking on site.
A bus stop and a train station are at a distance of 450 metres.
All rooms include a private bathroom.
Free parking is available.
Front desk assistance is available around the clock.
Free parking is available on site.
It is 25 minutes’ drive from swimming and fishing at Hamelin Bay.
In the centre, in a cul-de-sac.
They also are equipped with air-conditioning and central heating.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
Extras include bed linen.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property. Free secured private parking is also available.
Samui Airport is 4 km away from the property.
A shuttle is available from/to Brindisi-Salento Airport, 89 km from the property.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Some rooms offer additional space.
Each also comes with a private bathroom with bathtub or shower.
This boutique hotel also offers a restaurant and a bar, where guests can enjoy a drink.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Wi-Fi is available for a fee.
A daily American breakfast is available there.
The nearest airport is Almaty International Airport, 17 km from the property.
Bike hire is available at this inn and the area is popular for cycling.
The hotel is 3 km from Paragominas Bus Station and 1 km from downtown Paragominas.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Roeselare centre is a 5-minute drive away.
Marmaris Thursday Market is 1 km from Med Sea Gulet.
Free parking and Wi-Fi are available.
A supermarket, a restaurant and a shopping centre are 500 metres away from Berger Ferienwohnung.
Noosa Heads is a 3-minute drive away.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Breakfast is served daily at the property.
The Ratschingserhof is about 5 km from Vipiteno.
During meals, guest can enjoy live entertainment and music.
Free parking is available on site.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar and restaurant.
Some feature a computer.
All units feature a flat-screen TV.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a refrigerator.
The Parke Tropical Zoo is 15 minutes from the San Marco Hotel and Casino.
Drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
Laundry is on request and at a surcharge.
Several cafés can be found within a 5-minute walk of the property.
Free internet access and free parking are available.
It offers a relaxing getaway and many spa facilities.
The farm produces its own wine.
Guests can have a leisurely session of mini golf, table tennis or mah-jong.
Each room comes with a laptop PC, a fridge and a microwave.
It offers free parking and a restaurant serving Italian cuisine.
It offers, a shared kitchen and tropical gardens.
Tambor is 47 km from La Paloma Blanca.
Free WI-Fi is included in all rooms.
It features a jazz club and free Wi-Fi throughout.
Free Wi-Fi and private parking are available.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
It offers comfortable accommodation with free Wi-Fi and a private balcony.
A self-service continental breakfast is provided to enjoy in the room.
The restaurant serves as an open buffet style in the green garden full of flowers.
There is a cash machine as well as on-site laundry facilities.
There is an on-site pool and hot tub available to guests.
Guests can use the garden's BBQ facilities free of charge.
Restaurants and shops can be found within a 2-minute walk of Anaxemander.
Lake Dubrava is 1.5 km from the Prelog Hotel.
Private parking is provided on site, free of charge.
The nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram International Airport, 37 km from the property.
Apartament Gościnny Dom is a self-catering accommodation located in Warsaw’s Wilanów district, 1,2 km from Wilanów Palace.
Each room is equipped with an LCD TV and a minibar.
They also have a private bathroom with toiletries and a hairdryer.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels, as well as an iPod docking station are featured.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
The property offers free parking on the plot for three cars.
A dishwasher, oven and are included in the kitchen.
The Horseshoe Hammond Casino can be reached in 30 minutes’ drive.
Central Gilleleje is 2 km away.
The Alaska Zoo and Kincaid Park are 15 minutes' drive away from the hotel.
This love hotel also boasts dance poles and love sofas.
It offers rooms with air-conditioning.
You can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather. Free private parking is available on site.
All rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, Blu-ray player and DVD player.
Each room has a shared bathroom.
Each room also comes with a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
There is a seating area and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher.
They include a TV and a private bathroom with a shower.
All units feature a kitchen equipped with a microwave and fridge. A stovetop and kettle are also offered.
Situated in the village of Stratfield Mortimer, Little Park Farm is just 9 miles south of Reading.
En suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
Each room has a satellite TV and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
All apartments have a kitchen and the option of freshly baked bread rolls.
The seaside Stalis Village is at 5 km.
The apartments are elegantly decorated in warm colours and feature patterned wallpapers.
Each studio comes with a fully furnished kitchenette, which includes a fridge, stove and toaster.
La Rosa Dei Venti is 10 minutes’ walk from monterosso Train Station.
Private parking is free.
You will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden at the property.
There is also poolside bar operating 24 hours a day.
Located in Primorsko, Guest House Natali offers free WiFi.
The 24-hour reception allows guests flexibility during their stay.
Jordan Landing shopping center is about 5 miles away.
You can also benefit from the shared kitchen to store your food or cook your own meals.
Laundry and ironing services can be offered upon request at a surcharge.
The shared bathroom is complete with a bath or shower.
Free parking is provided by Ferienwohnungen Börnert.
Vaclav Havel Prague Airport is located 11 km from the property.
Burgas Airport is reachable within 64 km.
The property is 36 km from Cavtat and free private parking is available.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 10 km from the property.
Wollongong is 50 minutes’ away.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free rental bikes are available on site.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Bright interiors, modern furniture and wooden floors make for a comfortable stay.
Some units feature a dining area and/or terrace.
The hotel is 1 km from Pineda Golf Club and 2 km from Maria Luisa Park.
There is a free, monitored, on-site parking.
A kitchenette with cooking facilities and fridge is included in all the air-conditioned units at the Marietta.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a toaster.
The historic Turkish baths are situated within 300 metres of Civan Thermal.
A washing machine and ironing facilities are included.
The hotel is 51 miles from the Vancouver International Airport.
Free public parking is possible at 100 metres.
Hotel Evershine is located in Rajkot.
Bars and restaurants are found in the surroundings.
There is free underground parking on site.
Nha Trang Airport is 85 km away.
Each one features a flat-screen TV, a minibar and a small kitchenette with a microwave.
Some units also provide a spa bath and stylish marble fittings in the bathroom.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
The villa has 6 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, equipped with a bath, a bath or shower and a hair dryer.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is provided.
The main train and bus station in the town can be reached within 450 metres.
The property offers free parking.
There is also a 24-hour café-bar and a small supermarket on site.
The family-run Steeger Weinstube is located in Bacharach, in the Upper Middle Rhine Valley.
Each guestroom at the Days Inn Campton boasts cable TV and a work desk.
Aramis Residence is set on the first floor of a building with concierge.
You can enjoy a sea view from the room.
A continental breakfast is also offered each morning.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
All Alpine-style rooms come with a private balcony.
Free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
Several cafes, grocery shops and restaurants are located within a range of 500 metres from the property.
The hotel can organise airport transfer or help you to hire a car.
Located in Krasnaya Polyana, this hotel is 3.8 km from Karusel Ski Resort.
A ski pass is available at the front desk.
The property is 5.8 km from Lomnicky peak and 10.6 km from Gerlach peak.
Extras include a seating area.
The bright rooms come with a TV and a table with chairs each.
They offer a mountain view.
Housed in 3 different buildings, the guest house offers private parking and a sun terrace.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The Bahnstraße Underground Station is next to the hotel, and the city centre is 8 km away.
The train station is 4 km away and Clermont-Ferrand Airport is 50 km away.
Certain units have a seating area for your convenience.
Each unit includes a kitchenette, dining area and sofa bed.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Apartments also include kitchen facilities and a dining area.
Guests can enjoy the relaxing atmosphere in the open lounge area downstairs, which overlooks the garden .
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
The distance to Anapa city centre is 5 km.
The spa centre includes a Turkish bath and a sauna.
Appartamenti Le Ginestre e Gli Oleandri offers apartments in different locations in Sos Alinos.
Recreational choices include swimming in the outdoor pool or indulging in a body massage.
A continental breakfast is served every morning.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
The apartment is spacious and bright and features parqueted floors.
Hotel El Eden is located 5 minutes’ walk from Dominicus Beach and 3 km from Bayahibe Beach.
Mantasol is situated 45 km to Faro Airport and 10 km from the Spanish border.
Additional features include free public parking on site.
Special diet menus are also offered upon request.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen. A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is featured.
Hostal Paramonga is located in Nazca. Free WiFi access is available.
Guests have access to a games room with a pool table.
Tucson International Airport is 25 miles away.
There is also a bar and a snack bar where light snacks, beverages and refreshments are available.
The centre of Bagnone is a 10-minute drive away.
Country house on Karla Marksa also includes a sauna and fitness centre.
Free WiFi is accessible in all areas.
All rooms feature a fan, a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The zoo is 1 km away. BA Sohotel is 31 km from Ezeiza International Airport.
The kitchen area is fully equipped with the necessary kitchen utensils and appliances for indoor cooking.
Piazza del Popolo is reachable on foot in 6 minutes.
Phuket Airport is 12 km away.
Alghero Cathedral in thecity’s historical centre is a 15-minute walk away.
Ipswich Best Western is located 5 minutes’ drive from Ipswich town centre.
Step out, you may find a wide range of local eateries in the surroundings.
Sanya Chanyue Xidao Inn features free WiFi throughout the property.
Landeck Train Station is 25 km, and Innsbruck Airport is 100 km away.
Free WiFi access is available.
Guests can visit the Hufeland Baths, just a 10-minute drive from the Mühle Hotel.
The Mercure Liverpool Atlantic Tower Hotel overlooks the dock front, with views of the River Mersey.
The nearest airport is Schiphol Airport, 8 km from Liloes Apartment.
A typical Italian breakfast is offered daily and includes hot drinks, croissants and pastries.
Kotka and Hamina can be reached by car in about 1 hour and Loviisa Kouvola in half an hour.
Guests can cook their meals in the kitchen, complete with a dining area.
Certain rooms have views of the mountain or garden.
Currency exchange services are provided at the 24-hour front desk.
The Guangzhou East Train Station is a 20-minute drive away.
The fairy tale-style Thun Castle is a 35-minute drive away.
The property offers free parking.
Private parking is available on site.
Walt Disney World Resort is just 10 minutes’ drive from AmSun Vacation Homes.
Free WiFi access is available.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Grocery delivery and packed lunches are available on request.
Guests can use the meeting/banqueting facilities, or make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
Free parking is available on site.
The property has coin-operated laundry facilities for guests’ use.
This Ecuadorian Kiwi Hostel Mompiche is located on the Pacific Coast within view of the Mache-Chindul Ecological Reserve.
7Days Inn Dongguan Humen Huanghe Shizhuang Branch offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
Staff at the 24-hour front desk can help guests arrange a massage service.
There is a large car park at the rear of the property.
Room service is also available.
The on-site spa centre and massage service are available at a surcharge.
Shops, restaurants and the nearest city, Hvide Sande, can be found within 5 km and the waterfront is 1.1 km away.
Cookware and dishware are provided and free Wi-Fi is included.
The three bathrooms come with a toilet and shower.
The apartments have a bathroom with shower or bath tub.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance.
Guests also enjoy free shuttle to a nearby restaurant.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, a terrace and a minibar.
Located in Sirmione, the Olimpia is an intimate hotel with a relaxing garden.
From late May to mid-October, the Ötztal Premium Card is included in the rate.
Taxis stop right outside the hotel.
Studios at the Cava Li Santi Residence are air conditioned, and each has a flat-screen TV and a kitchenette.
The apartments includes a fully equipped kitchen.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Kolovare sandy beach can be reached in 600 metres.
Some of the rooms feature a private balcony.
Activities in the surrounding area include horse riding.
Most rooms feature a hydromassage shower.
It offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi access and garden views.
Some feature a balcony.
Downtown Toronto is also within 26 km.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
Free WiFi access is available.
A wide range of cafés, tapas bars and restaurants can be found in the neighbouring square and in the streets surrounding the guest house.
The ski area of Hochgurgl and Obergurgl can be reached in a 30-minute drive.
Refreshing drinks can be enjoyed in the bar during summer.
Dining options include the restaurant, the bar, and the garden terrace.
You can enjoy sea view from the room.
Sochiflat Apartments is a self-catering accommodation located in Sochi, 100 metres from Tsvetnoy Bulvar Park.
The rooms have a hair dryer in the bathroom.
Bed linen is featured.
You will be provided with a breakfast voucher to be used in any of the nearby cafés.
It offers spacious rooms and a restaurant which serves regional cuisine.
The ferries for Bellagio depart from Varenna, 7 km away.
Rooms are fitted with a cable TV and refrigerator.
Extras include a safety deposit box and a flat-screen TV.
Guests can enjoy drinks and light snacks at the rooftop bar.
Temple of Heaven is 5 km from Venice International Youth Hostel.
You will find a kettle in the room.
A fridge and a microwave are also at guests’ disposal.
Gelendzhik is 33 km from Baza otdykha Shirokaya.
Aquaboulevard Water Park is 2 km away.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Rio Grande Gorge Bridge is 20 minutes’ drive from the bed and breakfast.
Le chalet de l'Adolphin is located in Saint-Adolphe-D'Howard, about 1 hour drive from Montréal.
Restaurant Lielupe provides its guests with an extensive international, Latvian and Russian cuisine.
Each room offers garden views and a private bathroom.
Cordoba Airport and La Cumbrecita are both 80 km away.
Tbilisi International Airport is 16 km away.
The airport and beaches of the city of Ilheaus, Bahía, are 28 km from the property.
S-Bahn (Railway) 300m.
The hotel’s restaurant offers à la carte dining with traditional dishes from the region.
Friendly staff will inform you about free beaches and special discounts.
Extras include bed linen.
It serves local seafood specialities, including the Cacciucco fish stew, and pizza.
Bhimtal Bus Stand is 5 km away and Pantnagar Airport is 60 km from the inn.
The hotel offers well-equipped apartments with full kitchens.
Extras include a sofa, bed linen and a fan.
Toiletries and a hairdryer are provided in the en suite bathroom.
All of the rooms of the Taurus Stopnica are heated and feature a simple interior décor.
Free private parking is available on site.
The beach of Platanias is well catered by beachfront bars and café-restaurants.
Towels and bed linen are available.
The Almyra’s romantic rooms feature cream-coloured furnishings and tasteful wall papers.
Guests will appreciate the additional conveniences included in some rooms, like microwaves.
There is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator, cooking rings and toaster.
Metz-Nancy-Lorraine Airport is 28 km away.
The apartment is air-conditioned and comes with a furnished patio.
Overlooking the golf course, Classic Cafe serves Western and Asian dishes.
Free private parking is available on site.
At Apart Lais, a garden is at the guests’ disposal. Other facilities like ski storage and laundry facilities are offered.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
It has a restaurant serving national specialities.
The nearest airport is Delhi International Airport, 15 km from the property.
Hotel Marlon is 600 metres from the Plaza de la Bandera Square and 1 km from the Belize Dock.
The property has a café where you can enjoy a drink at the weekend.
At Residenza Ondanomala you will find a garden.
The nearest café is just 35 metres away while a grocery store is 200 metres from the building.
It offers rooms with free Wi-Fi access and serves continental breakfast in the morning.
Lecce Cathedral is 350 metres from the property.
Guests can also enjoy the hot tub and steam room.
Hilo Airport is 4 km from the property.
Kerem Apart Hotel offers an outdoor pool.
Some rooms are housed in a separate building located at the end of the garden.
Free parking is available on site.
Shops can be found within 1 km.
Free WiFi access is available and free continental breakfast is served daily.
Free parking is available on site and Tampico Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
This guest house features both free WiFi and free private parking.
Guest are also invited to meet the animals, which include sheep, goats, chickens, cats and a small dog.
The Aquadome Thermal Spa is 15 km away.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Free on-site parking is available.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Nicklaus North Golf Course 3 km away and Alpha Lake Park 5 km away.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The Riverside Shopping Centre can be reached within a few stops.
All the 6, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathtub or a shower.
At the restaurant, guests can enjoy several seafood dishes and other Mediterranean specialities.
Nikola Tesla Airport is located 14 km away.
Lesquin Airport is located 8 km away.
It features free WiFi in the public area.
Hidatakayama Art Museum and Yamazakura Shrine are both a 15-minute walk away.
It features tennis courts, Jacuzzi ®, and 2 pools surrounded by large terraces.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests can enjoy free parasols and sun loungers at the swimming pool.
Gran Canal Apartment offers accommodation in Mestre, just 9 km from Venice.
The kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
Rich buffet breakfasts are provided at the FFFZ Hotel.
Mendoza Casa features a garden and a terrace.
Le P'tit Monde offers comfortable rooms with a decoration in warm tones.
Tan Son Nhat International Airport is 30 km away.
Simferopol Airport is located 79 km away.
Alternatively, La Rose Spa offers a variety spa treatments.
The hotel is accessible from many UK motorways, including the M1, M62 and A1.
You can enjoy a mountain and river view from the room.
Hadrian's Gate is 2.2 km from Elips Royal Hotel & SPA. Antalya Airport is 14 km from the property.
The hotel is close to Blackpool’s Golden Mile and the promenade.
WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Free private parking is also possible on site.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Guests can enjoy lovely garden and river views from their rooms.
There is a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The nearest airport is Hurghada International, 10-minutes from Yacht Room Tawila Island.
Guests enjoy free entry to Swimming Lake Gösseldorf.
The fully equipped kitchens feature an oven, stovetop, microwave and refrigerator.
Free private parking is available on site.
Dasoudi beach is 3.5 km away.
This guest house provides free parking and Wi-Fi and is located on a 120-acre farm.
Galeão International Airport is set 18 km from the property.
Cheese plates, chocolates, flowers and champagne can also be arranged for an additional charge.
Sporthotel Monte Pana offers rooms with mountain and garden views.
Wake up each morning with a wholesome breakfast buffet.
Antalya airport is 128 km away.
The kitchenette includes a microwave, a fridge and a toaster.
Matovina offers homemade honey and cheese at a surcharge.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels.
The mixed dormitories feature a desk.
The restaurant serves Italian and Austrian cuisine.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
Up to 2 children (16 years and under) stay free when sharing with parents.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
Bathrobes and slippers are provided.
Guests can wake up with a cup of complimentary coffee or tea.
Guests have access to a public bike hire station in front of the hotel.
Pulteney Park is just 1.2 km away.
The nearest grocery store is 400 metres.
In addition, if guests want to have a taste of the local cuisine, there are several restaurants within 200 metres.
Beverages, snacks and doughnuts are available throughout the day.
El Arenal Beach is only 4 km away and Portixol Beach is 7 km away.
Arize Hotel Sukhumvit is a 2-minute walk from Prompong BTS Skytrain Station.
The classic-style rooms feature a wardrobe.
Bed linen is featured.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
This holiday home is 500 m from the sea and 65 km from Billund Airport.
It also offers a private ski lift.
The hotel’s sauna is free for guests on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
At Mount Crest Inn Deniyaya you will find a garden.
Rooms are equipped with flat-screen cable TV and are decorated in soothing earth tones.
The kitchen includes a hob, oven, microwave and dishwasher.
The Šenk Penzion is 7 km from the Seč Dam.
It features self-catering apartments with laundry and daily housekeeping service.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.The property provides free parking.
Travelodge Sacramento/Rancho Cordova is just 2 miles from Mather Air Force Base.
There is a public car park on site available at a surcharge.
Free private parking is available on site.
It features 2 restaurants and a pool bar surrounded by 2 infinity pools.
During the day pancakes, waffles and ice cream are served.
Lic. Gustavo Diaz Ordaz Airport is located 29 km away.
All accommodation at Rey Carlos offers views from the private terrace.
The accommodation will provide you with a free WiFi, a terrace and garden views.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
A TV is available.
Guest house Safarov offers pet-friendly accommodation in Lahıc.
The property offers free parking.
The surrounding Eichwald Forest is ideal for hiking.
Offering free WiFi and a garden, Casa Vacanze La Gebbia is 6 km from the centre of Ragusa.
Tapik Beach Park Guest House is a 30-minute boat ride from Imorigui Island.
Grandeur East offers free private parking on site.
Sheremetyevo International Airport is 22 km from the property.
Every romantic room offers plush chairs perfect for relaxation.
50 Guest House features free WiFi .
This small hotel is located in Akademgorodok District of Novosibirsk, 20 km south of the city centre.
Free parking is offered at Quality Inn Fort Worth.
In the morning, guests can choose from a continental and a buffet breakfast.
Piazza Erbe and Juliet's Balcony are around a 10-minute walk away.
The guest house also offers car hire.
The centre of Sofia is set 1 km away.
Several restaurants and a supermarket are only short walk away.
Guests can enjoy relaxing in Turquesa’s internal patio or reading room.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, a seating area and cable channels.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
The ski bus stops right outside and takes guests to the Lofer Cable Car within 5 minutes.
Riad Le Lieu is 14 km from Aglou Beach and the Atlantic Ocean.
You can play mini golf or visit the games room, with billiards and table tennis.
Hotel Ashwini Lodge also includes a children's playground. Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
Złote Tarasy Shopping Centre is within 1.6 km.
You can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms, and an underfloor heating is available throughout the property.
Located in the centre of Cesky Krumlov, Pension Rosa is just 200 metres from the main square.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
There is a private bathroom with bathrobes in every unit.
There is also a living room with an LCD TV.
The hostel offers a common kitchenette equipped with microwave, toaster ovens and a kettle.
Offering an outdoor pool and an indoor pool, Airport View Hotel is located in Accra.
One even has a bathroom with a hydromassage shower.
This hotel-ship departures from Manaus Port on Mondays and Fridays.
A balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
Guests are invited to relax in the hotel bar.
Shared bathroom also comes with a shower.
All the rooms are bright and and decorated with light colour tones.
Guests can find various shops and entertainment at the old bazaar, located 1 km away.
Gelendzhik is 9 km from Apartment on Gornaya 5, while Novorossiysk is 39 km away.
Free WiFi access is available in this country house.
Accommodation is neatly decorated in a neutral style, with wooden floors.
The property features a bar-restaurant and games room.
Guests can also sample traditional Ukrainian dishes and European cuisine in the restaurant.
Free WiFi is featured .
Hotel Sahara Beach is located in Akhfennir, 20 km from Sahara.
Relax in the lounges which display both a homely feel and one of luxury.
The private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
Additional facilities are included such as meeting facilities.
The property would like to offer car rental service for guests who love to explore surroundings on their own.
The commercial centre of Larnaca City is around a 20-minute walk away.
It offers a restaurant and accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Free Wi-Fi and an iPod docking station is provided at The Fishermen's Oasis.
You can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms.
Other facilities like grocery deliveries and water sports facilities are offered.
There is also a sushi bar in the lobby and a garden terrace.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Selhurst Park, the home of Crystal Palace Football Club is only a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
All have a kitchenette, living room and a flat-screen LCD TV.
Some come with a balcony.
Parking is free.
At Pousada Suites das Galinhas guests will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Manohra Cozy Village is just 5 minutes’ walk from Kata Beach in Phuket.
A fitness centre and a hot tub are featured at Weyburn Travelodge Hotel.
Guney Konak is less than 2 km away from the historic Clock Tower.
The homestay also offers car hire.
The hotel is 7 km from Insuyu Cave and 5 km from Burdur Lake.
Laundry facilities are also provided.
Alternatively, pampering massage services await.
All rooms have a flat-screen TV.
The outdoor pool is available in the warmer months, surrounded by a terrace with sun loungers.
It features a private pool, as well as indoor and outdoor dining areas.
A ski school is right next door.
At Hostal Fortaleza Inn guests will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a bar.
Neath Railway Station is a 15-minute journey by car.
Guests can make currency exchanges and arrange for car rentals at the hotel’s tour desk.
There is also a beauty salon, a business centre and a travel desk.
Free WiFi is available in public areas.
The apartment offers a view of the Old Town.
The surrounding forest is ideal for cycling and hiking.
Restaurants can be found within a walking distance.
Extras include a washing machine, a desk and bed linen.
Set in tropical gardens, the hotel offers an outdoor pool, free Wi-Fi and free breakfast.
Breakfast and set meals are served in the comfort of villas or the private gazebo.
Apartment Yamasheva 43 boasts views of the city and is 3 km from Soyembika Tower.
The apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a patio with pool view.
The private bathroom has a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
This holiday home is 86 km from Billund Airport.
The town of Asprovalta is less than a 15-minute drive away.
Free WiFi access is available.
They feature satellite TV and a private bathroom.
A baby stroller, a children's cot and a children's chair are also provided.
Free WiFi is provided .
The accommodation features a flat-screen TV.
Free WiFi access is available in each guest room.
A breakfast including special diet products is served daily.
Maison d'en Bas is a holiday home with a terrace, set in Anse a La Mouche.
Bathrobes are provided free of charge.
All rooms have superb views of the sea, the river or the Lyn Valley.
All the rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 22 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi access can be enjoyed throughout the hotel.
The all-day dining restaurant serves a variety of Cambodian and some Western dishes.
At Cultural House you can spend relaxing moments on the shared terrace.
Some offer Cretan Sea views.
The kitchenette has a stovetop and a refrigerator.
The city of Perth is just 30 minutes’ drive away.
Coral Island is a 20-minute walk away.
Guests are welcome to enjoy free Wi-Fi.
Some also include a balcony offering sea views.
Pachá nightclub is 15 minutes’ walk away.
A mini fridge and a wardrobe are included.
At Aix Suite Location you will find a garden and a terrace.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a children's playground.
Each apartment combines traditional wooden structures with contemporary décor.
The guestrooms in the property are all equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV. Every room also comes with a bathroom fitted with shower.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Free WiFi access and private parking are available.
Guests can also enjoy access to tennis courts, table tennis and barbecue facilities.
Air-conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a balcony with views of the Indian Ocean.
Some rooms also feature beautiful pool or bay views.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant, followed by a drink at the bar.
The Stoefelknoeg features a restaurant and a bar.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
A sofa, coffee table, 2 armchairs, a fireplace and a TV are featured in the living room.
Restaurant Degersand is within 800 metres.
The suites offer a kitchenette.
The seaside village of Limenaria is a 30-minute drive away.
The in-house kitchen serves a selection of Indian and continental delights.
There is a heated indoor pool, a sauna, a solarium and a recreation room.
A common kitchen can be also used by guests.
Hounslow shopping centre is nearby.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
Those in need can make use of the business centre free of charge.
It includes a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area.
Galway is a popular seaside destination, with beautiful beaches and a long promenade.
Start your day with the hotel’s free buffet breakfast.
Offering a variety of rooms, Canberry stylishly decorated each air-conditioned room.
At Red Carpet Inn-Bridgeton/Vineland you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Anacapri is 2 km from the holiday home.
Guests can also have their meals at the on-site café.
At Oostappen Vakantiepark Rivièra Beach you will find a private beach area.
München Airport is located 60 km from the property.
Tietê Bus Terminal is 13 km away.
Portland International Jetport Airport is 63 km away.
The property is 150 metres from Copacabana Beach and 2.2 km from Botafogo Beach.
A flat-screen TV is available.
There is free private parking on site.
Each of the en-suite rooms has a private bathroom with a shower as well as satellite TV.
Guests can enjoy free access to a Spa centre.
Located in Fortaleza, Beach Apartment Emílio Hinko offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre.
The guesthouse is 4 km from Nam Mountain and 5 km from Myeongdong Market.
The property offers free parking.
Each has a bathroom with a hairdryer.
The nearest airport is Husein Sastranegara Airport, 5 km from the property.
Krabi International Airport is 27 km from Simply Resort Aonang.
You can enjoy a garden view from the home.
The green courtyard is an inviting place to relax during the warmer months.
Guests can rent ski equipment at the guest house and buy ski passes there.
The reception desk is available 24-hours a day.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Hazilla de Raya.
Plaza del Sol Square or the Gran Via Avenue are only few metro stops away.
A laundry service is offered at Hostal Restaurante Méndez.
Luggage storage can be found at the 24-hour front desk.
On-site parking is free for guests.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or visit the on-site bar.
The property also offers discounted price for some tours on the islands near Krk.
You can cook your meals here, and enjoy it in the dining area.
Staff can provide concierge and laundry services.
In summer, guests can dine outdoors at Kookaburra Marina Bar & Restaurant.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen.
An LCD TV and a pastel-coloured décor feature in the rooms at Hôtel des Arts.
Port de Pollensa is 8.5 km away.
Tables, chairs, sunbeds and umbrellas surround the pool area.
Free WiFi access is available.
The Washington Monument is 27.1 miles away.
Private bathrooms come with a shower.
Each room comprises a TV with cable channels, a refrigerator and an en-suite bathroom with a shower.
All rooms include a private bathroom.
Alba is 25 km away.
A bathrobe and slippers are provided.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Daily breakfast is served in buffet style.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Pestana Golf Academy is 4 km from Gaivota Mar.
A wide range of therapies and treatments is available.
An iron, ironing board, coffee-tea-facilities and desk.
A shared equipped kitchen and a common living room are provided to guests.
Dooleys Motel is a 10-minute drive from Home of the Virgin Rock and a 45-minute drive from Emerald.
There is also a free shuttle service to Valloire centre every 15 minutes.
Rooms at One Hotel all come with air conditioning, a TV and windows offering city views.
Meals are not offered at this accommodation.
Guests can benefit from a fully equipped kitchenette with a coffee maker and a dining area.
Hostel parking is free.
Pula Airport is located 67 km from the property.
Rooms have shared bathroom facilities.
Fitted with wooden floors, BerlinLux Apartments are bright and spacious and feature a separate living area.
Rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
The restaurant also serves barbecue dishes on the terrace.
In fine weather, it can be enjoyed in the garden.
Free WiFi is offered.
Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport is 21 km away.
There is free public parking nearby.
The renovated restaurant offers local gastronomic specialities.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
Hotel Phoenix can be found in the quiet Wiesti quarter of Zermatt.
Shops and restaurants can be found within 1.5 km.
The Yorkshire Dales is just under an hour’s drive from the hotel.
The property offers free parking.
The property also offers grocery delivery and packed lunches.
Hair dryers and ironing facilities are available upon request.
These countryside apartments offer modern kitchen facilities, a living/dining room and a terrace.
Les Tilleuls sits in the heart of Hasparren, 20 minutes from the Basque coast.
Guests benefit from terrace. Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
There is also a fridge, microwave and coffee maker, as well as an oven and hob.
En suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
Gelendzhik Airport is 22 km from the property.
Florina Town lies at a distance of 53 km and the town of Kastoria is 40 km from Idiston.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
The tour desk assists in car rentals and currency exchanges.
All of the rooms have tea and coffee making facilities and cable TV.
The nearest airport is Varna Airport, 14 km from the property.
There is an additional bathrooms with a walk-in shower.
Each includes a fully equipped kitchenette as well as barbecue facilities.
The reception staff provide competent assistance around the clock.
Some rooms have a seating area.
Weston-super-Mare is 10 minutes’ walk away.
You will find luggage storage space at the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
The seating area features cable TV and a work desk.
The property offers free parking.
La Gomera Airport can be reached in an hour’s drive from Casa Policarpo.
Rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
Free WiFi is provided .
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave, fridge and stovetop.
Offering hot shower facility, the en suite bathroom also has a hairdryer.
The family-run hotel is located in the village of Wißmannsdorf, in the Eifel Mountains.
It features a bar with a shaded terrace and guest rooms equipped with a flat-screen TV.
Situated in Bettystown, is just a 10-minute drive from central Drogheda.
The nearest airport is London City Airport, 17 km from the property.
Eco Club Savage Kizomys features free WiFi throughout the property.
A continental breakfast is also available.
The area is known for the Northern Lights and for fishing.
Valgrande Pajares Ski Resort is 30 km from Hostel Albergue de Columbiello.
A children's playground is located at a distance of 150 metres.
Alternatively, Alfama features various restaurants and eateries within a 5-minute walk.
Historical São Jorge Castle is 2.2 km from the property.
Las Ondas is 5 km from Garopaba’s Bus Station and 70 km from Florianópolis.
The nearby A73 motorway takes you to Bamberg in 10 minutes.
Mont Dauphin Train Station is 14.5 km away.
Some rooms include a balcony.
Malecon 2000 is a 5-minute drive away.
Zvolen is 36 km from Family House Ružiná, while Tale is 50 km away.
Meals are served in buffet form in the hotel’s restaurant.
Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
It also provides guests with a business center and meeting room.
Guests can use the fully equipped kitchen to prepare their own meals.
Certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
Free WiFi is available throughout the apartments.
Shops and cafés are found in Poggibonsi, 4 km from the Moraia.
Guests will be 3 minutes’ walk from Butler Plaza shopping centre.
Other facilities include electric heating and underfloor heating in the bathroom.
Free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
Accommodation options at Apotek Guesthouse Akureyri have either shared or private bathrooms.
Both a laundry room and a common room with TV and sofa are available for all guests.
The accommodation is fitted with a kitchen where guests can use a microwave, an oven and a refrigerator.
Agriturismo Le Fratte is a converted farmhouse which was built in 1400.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
In the apartment there is electric heating.
This holiday home is 12 km from Aarhus Airport.
You can enjoy views from the room.
Guided tours are organised on request.
You can also enjoy drinks in Hotel Europa’s elegant American Bar.
Some also include a bath.
There is a playground 20 metres from the villa.
A daily healthy breakfast is served in the Mercure Tel Aviv Hotel's café.
Azmaara Spa provides a range of treatments, from massages to manicures and pedicures.
Modern rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV offering cable channels.
Landgasthof Am Park is quietly situated in Crottendorf.
A bus stop is in front of the property.
Miami Beach Convention Center is 6.3 km away.
Free parking is possible nearby.
A transfer can also be requested in advance.
It is within an hour’s drive from Solang Valley and Kullu Bhuntar Airport.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 22 km from the property.
Accommodation is provided in private rooms and dormitory rooms, all with access to shared bathroom facilities.
It offers spa facilities, indoor pool and traditional Frisian cuisine.
At Evalia Apartments you will find BBQ facilities and a communal lounge.
It also offers free Wi-Fi.
The nearest airport is Saratov Tsentralny Airport, 47 km from the property.
Extras include ironing facilities.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Apartment Andjela.
Rouen is also a 40-minute drive away.
Ferries take guests from the guest house to the picturesque Vaxholm town centre in 5 minutes.
Apartments also have a kitchen.
Guests at the property can enjoy the local and international gastronomy served at the on-site restaurant.
Vacancy House Rome is an apartment located in Rome.
Hiking trails and a small creek are only 50 metres away.
Regional and international dishes are served in the hotel restaurant with beer garden.
Room service is also available.
There is a hairdresser's at the property.
Bathroom and toilet are shared with other guests.
During summer they also offer beach towels and parasols to be used at the beach.
The hotel provides a large public bath and a separate shower room.
Kato Trikala Korinthias is 43 km from Villa In Loutraki, while Aegina Town is 48 km away.
Guests can dine at the restaurant and bar, or enjoy a BBQ outdoors.
Parking is also possible on site for free.
The Cool Spot Restaurant and the Dog House Sports Bar at The Corner Hotel are available for the guests at The Corner Hotel.
The hotel offers a continental breakfast on the fourth floor of the property.
For your convenience there is a currency exchange, atm and valet parking.
The residence Abbaye du Cap also offers private parking and a patio with children’s playground equipment.
The bathrooms come with a shower.
Some rooms have Lake Van views.
House Katia is located in Kálamos and offers self-catering accommodation.
Guests can make an appointment at Mark Hotel’s beauty salon, or use the business centre.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
The food is based on high-quality ingredients, mostly from local producers.
Varna Airport is 47 km away.
The rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a bidet.
A 24-hour butler service is provided for guests' convenience.
The nearest airport is Federico Fellini International Airport, 2 km from Hotel Marzia.
The property offers free parking.
There is also a restaurant at the Riad Nadir that offers 2 daily menus.
You will find room service at the property.
All rooms provide satellite TV, a bathroom and a seating area.
The staff can meet guests at the border crossing or at the train station.
The farm produces fruit, vegetables and meat.
Rooms here are all fitted with heating, bed linen and a terrace.
Buffet-style breakfast is served each morning at the main restaurant.
Free shuttle service is provided upon request.
Starting summer 2016 children can also enjoy the hotel's new playground.
All rooms include a private bathroom.
The bar serves an assortment of beverages.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
The garden includes a children’s playground and barbecue facilities.
Free high-speed WiFi is available throughout the property.
It is just 500 metres from the Santa Margarida beach.
Wi-Fi is free in public areas.
Cross-country skiing and winter hiking are also available.
Fresh towels and linens are provided in each room.
At Holiday home Havbakken Haderslev I guests will find an outdoor barbecue, garden furniture, and child's swing.
Ataturk Airport is 20 km away.
The ski areas Sölden and Hochötz are within 20 km.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, a terrace and a seating area.
Car rental services can be arranged and free parking is available.
The property is located 1.4 km from Santiburi Samui Country Club and 1.8 km from Mae Nam Pier.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The historic city centre of Alexander City is just 2.7 miles away.
Guests benefit from balcony and a barbecue.
A range of restaurants, cafés and supermarkets are located in the same street as the accommodation.
Beauty treatments are also provided here.
At Villa MonteBello you will find BBQ facilities and a tour desk.
It offers free Wi-Fi and free private parking.
The continental breakfast includes pastries and hot drinks.
The nearest airport is Dubai International Airport, 4 km from the property.
Bryce Canyon is 40 minutes’ drive from this guest accommodation.
A 24-hour front desk welcomes guests to Hotel Mercury Inn, which boasts a business centre and tour desk.
No meals are served on site.
Free WiFi access is available.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Each comes with an electric kettle, a desk and a table, as well as a hairdryer.
The bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and a shower, a two person whirlpool tub is also available.
Bathrobes are provided.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels and DVD player is featured.
The nearest airport is Falcone-Borsellino Airport, 38 km from the property.
Hanting Express Beijing Wukesong features free WiFi throughout the property.
Many of them have views of the golf course.
The public area includes a refrigerator and a small library.
The rooms offer air conditioning and a satellite TV.
In both you will find a range of dining options and shops.
Featuring a shower, a private bathrooms also comes with a hairdryer.
Las Lajas is 39 km away.
Each includes a private bathroom, and a hairdryer is available on request.
Room service is available.
The on-site restaurant serves a variety of Cambodian and Western cuisines.
Suites with a separate seating area and spa bath are available.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Meals can be enjoyed in the privacy of guestrooms.
Offering a restaurant, Penzión House Hamm is located in Vranov nad Topľou.
The property also offers a private airfield (NZKE) available upon request.
Free private parking is possible nearby.
This holiday home is 19 km from Aarhus Airport.
Hotel Priyadarshini offers accommodation in Hospet.
The kitchen is fully equipped and has a dining area.
Some units also have a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
Julius Nyerere International Airport is a 2.5-hour drive away.
Guests staying at the Atmosphera Hotel can have breakfast in the elegant dining room.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
Several supermarkets, bakeries and bars can be found within a 5-minute walk of The Calabria Apartments.
The 2-bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a TV and air conditioning.
The guest house is 12 km from Sospel and a 20-minute drive from the Italian border.
It is located 26 km to the West from Kiev and offers rooms with Ukrainian décor.
At the restaurant guests can enjoy a selection of tasty Romanian dishes.
This holiday home is 56 km from Billund Airport.
The rooms feature bunk beds and heating facilities.
Sila Blue Cruise has barbecue facilities and a bar.
Brussels is a 20-minute train ride from the hotel and Brussels Airport is 15 minutes away by train.
The private bathrooms also come with a shower.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
Free WiFi is available.
The kitchen is equipped with a washing machine, oven and microwave.
The Calvin Coolidge Memorial Foundation is 1 mile away.
It offers an outdoor pool, nearby golf facilities and free parking.
Some rooms have a kitchenette and sofa bed.
A continental breakfast is served everyday with home-made jams and pastries as well as chocolate.
There are three restaurants serving Egyptian and international cuisine.
Free private parking and bike storage are provided.
There is a full a kitchenette with a microwave.
Free private parking is available on site.
A bar restaurant, featuring its own private beach area, is just 300 metres away.
Family Guest House is located in Vishnevka, 500 metres from the Black Sea.
At Family Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
The kitchen is equipped with a stove, refrigerator, electric kettle and kitchenware.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Vending machines featuring snacks and drinks are located on-site.
Mar Andino offers rooms with satellite TV and free Wi-Fi.
Trapani is a 40-minute drive away.
A great variety of shops, cafes, taverns and restaurants surround the hotel.
Guests can hike through the rainforest or head to the river for a leisurely soak.
Kilmore Castle View is located just a 10-minute stroll from the fishing village of Kilmore Quay.
An outdoor dining area is available.
Free WiFi access is available.
Children can have fun at the playground while their parents enjoy a book at the library.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Dam Square is 15 minutes by foot.
WiFi is available for a surcharge.
Free WiFi access is available.
Other facilities at Baan Thew Lom Cha Am 339/570 include a fitness centre.
Restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance.
Guests have access to an outdoor pool and a garden.
Staff can help arrange car rental and airport transfers.
Surf lessons can be booked and a daily breakfast is included.
Numerous bars and restaurants serving local and international cuisine can be found nearby.
Azeka Shopping Center is 2 miles away from these apartments.
A hairdryer is provided in the private bathroom.
Other facilities at Rentopolis Porta Romana - Sannio include a terrace.
It offers clean and comfortable dormitory rooms with air-conditioning.
It features free private parking space and a terrace with barbecue facilities.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
Dali Railway Station is 14 km from the property.
Free on-site parking is provided by Vakantiehuis "het rode huis".
A breakfast is provided each morning at Chambre d'Hôtes La Jonquerette.
Overlooking the surrounding mountains from its balcony, Casa Glesia is located in Sestriere, 50 metres from the ski slopes.
Free toiletries are provided.
Free guest parking is available.
The bathroom offers a standing shower.
They are all serviced by a panoramic lift.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 14 km from Kommunalka.
Bed linen is featured.
Some apartments are barrier-free.
Restaurants can be found in the nearby villages.
Tasteful decorations and wooden floors make the apartments cosy.
Free transfer to the airport is provided.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The Tiruvananthapuram International Airport is 23 km.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are also available.
The nearest airport is Pula Airport, 60 km from the property.
Flic-en-Flac is 40 km from Chetty Tourist Residence.
A 10-minute walk from the beach, Lakeside Gardens Apartment is located in Bogazici area of Bodrum.
The rooms come with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The house has an original cave with a depth of 11 meters that guests can visit.
It has wooden cabins with a private bathroom.
Other services offered at the property include 24-hour front desk assistance and free parking.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
A microwave, a toaster and refrigerator are also provided, as well as a kettle.
The house is surrounded by a garden with a barbecue guests can use.
San Giovanni Stanly Hotel hosts a classic restaurant, serving à la carte gourmet dishes.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Shared barbecue facilities are at guests' disposal.
With simple furnishings, all units include air conditioning, a minibar and flat-screen TV.
The Franz Schubert bicycle trail and hiking trails pass by the house.
Free WiFi access is available in this lodge. Har Ki Pauri is located right next to the property.
Vasiliki Beach is 150 metres away.
The cosy Stüvetta is an inviting place to relax.
From late May to mid-October, the Ötztal Premium Card is included in the rate.
Oktyabarskaya Metro Station is a 5-minute walk away.
This hillside property features free Wi-Fi and offers a range of outdoor activities.
You can enjoy a garden view from the room.
Further facilities at Studios in Complex Elit 4 include a garden with benches, an on-site shop and a playground.
Providing free private parking, Locanda Da Vittorio is a 10-minute walk from the shores of Lake Garda.
It offers free Wi-Fi and a garden with a terrace.
Offering a terrace and views of the lake, Szakács apartman is located in Balatonfüred.
The resort also offers bike hire.
A stove, microwave, fridge, water boiler and coffee machine can be found in the kitchen.
Shuttle services to the nearby Ashkilar and Kom ski slopes are available at a surcharge.
Paje By Kite - Zanzibar is 1.1 km from Simba Garden Lodge.
Plaza Real, the commercial area, is 3 km away.
There is also a pool billiard-table and a sitting room with a fireplace.
It is a 30-minute drive from Honfleur and Etretat, and Deauville is 40 km away.
Michigan Stadium and Crisler Arena are less than 10 minutes’ drive from this hotel.
Elefthérios Venizélos Airport is 40 km away.
The private bathroom has a shower.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 84 km from Guest House Korolev.
You can reach Positano on the Amalfi Coast in 30 minutes by car.
A grocery store is within 1 km, while the closest restaurant is 3 km away.
The spacious guest rooms are equipped with an LCD TV with Canal+ and beIN Sports.
Each has a private bathroom complete with a hairdryer, bathrobes, slippers and toiletries.
Both Chinese delicacies and Western-style dishes are available for your choice.
All rooms of the Quo Vadis feature air conditioning and a private bathroom with shower.
The nearest airport is Antalya Airport, 20 km from the property.
Bicycle rental is also possible on site, allowing guests to explore the city at their own convenience.
Front desk offers shuttle service at a surcharge and upon request.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
L’Espérance Airport is 10 km from the property.
A Bus Station and a Ferry Port can be found 1 km away.
The property offers free parking.
The pool and terrace benefit from nice views over the Auvezere valley.
Recognised as a historical residence, L'Antico Pozzo’s impressive medieval heritage has been carefully preserved.
Free private parking is available at Rental House Airport VIP.
Exotic cocktails can be served at the pool bar with beautiful view of Torba Bay.
Svarna Suite Seminyak is 15-minute drive away from Seminyak Square.
Other rooms also come with a hydromassage tub.
The guest house also offers car hire.
Family-run Antonia Studios enjoy a quiet spot, 2 minutes’ walk from St.George Beach.
Facilities available at the motel include a guest laundry and luggage storage.
The ski bus stop is a 10-minute walk away.
The restaurant is open daily for lunch and dinner, and specialises in regional cuisine and fish dishes.
Free private parking spaces are available.
You can park your car for free on site.
The unit is fitted with a kitchenette. A TV is offered.
Zagreb Airport is located 18 km from the property.
Khabarovsk Novy Airport is 1 km away.
Excursions can be booked at the tour desk.
Holiday home Snerlevænget is located in Otterup. The property can accommodate up to 4 people.
They include a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
It offers guest rooms with a view of the Pic Saint Loup or the surrounding valley.
Homemade cakes, jams and savoury items are served every morning at the breakfast buffet.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and cable channels.
Each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a shower.
Free toiletries are provided in individual packets.
The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
It offers a 24-hour gym, free 24-hour laundry services and free internet.
Guests of Rossland Big Red Lodge are offered space for luggage and ski storage.
The property features a seating area with at TV, and a dining area.
There is an open plan kitchen with a microwave and a coffee machine.
Siena Cathedral is a 20-minute walk away.
The private bathroom comes with bath and shower facilities.
Featuring a heated outdoor pool, GoHostel is located in Pirenópolis.
The Sporthotel's restaurant serves typical Alpine specialities and Italian cuisine.
The hotel is 3.5 km from The Glen Club and 3.5 km from Kohl Children's Museum.
Select rooms come with a kitchenette.
Free WiFi access is available.
They are equipped with a seating area, tea and coffee making facilities and a private bathroom.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Staff at reception can provide information and recommendations.
Some have a balcony or a terrace with a view of the sea and free Wi-Fi access is available.
All rooms at Hostal Alboran feature tiled floors and classic furniture.
Buffet breakfast is served in the morning.
The property has a private beach area and bike hire is available.
Lisbon International Airport is 6.7 km away.
Extras include satellite channels.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The Puglia coastline is 20 km away.
All units come with a satellite TV and balcony.
Various cafes and restaurants are situated within a 5-minute walk.
Apartments at Yahsi's Yahsi Resort feature a flat-screen TV and air conditioning.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Staff at the hotel can assist with the organisations of tours, excursions and airport transfers.
Porto Cervo is a 40-minute drive away.
There is also a variety of nightlife and places to eat.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Guests can go to the food market every Sunday.
Some dormitory rooms offer bunk beds.
The guest house also offers car hire.
Marseille Provence Airport is located 27 km away.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Snowy Mountains (9.1 km).
TQ Plaza is 3.5 km from Apartment Stevan, while Top Hill Club is 5 km away.
Some rooms have shared facilities, others are equipped with private bathrooms.
Guests can arrange a trip at the tour desk.
A daily continental breakfast is also offered.
Free WiFi is available .
From the hotel, you can take a stroll to the triumphal arch Hadrian’s Gate (dating back to the year 130), which is 100 metres away.
Lake Bolsena is 29 km from the property, while Orbetello is a 1-houur drive away.
Palma de Mallorca Airport is 67 km away.
There is a second lounge, which is ideal for a children's playroom.
The apartment has a kitchenette, living area with fireplace.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
Some rooms also offer a washing machine and a balcony.
The building also includes a ski storage room.
Private parking is possible on site.
A launderette is located onsite.
Luggage storage is offered and the hotel has a tour desk.
Garbos Hotel is 2 km from West Shopping Centre, and 3 km from Mossoró Airport.
Free toiletries, a hairdryer and shower can be found in the en suite bathroom.
The rooms come with a private bathroom.
The centre of Villach is just a 5-minute drive or bus ride away.
A daily breakfast is included.
Special diet menus are available upon request.
The front desk is available 24/7.
The hotel is just off Sloane Square, in the heart of stylish Chelsea.
There is a private bathroom with a bidet and shower.
The air-conditioned unit is 200 metres from Agia Fotini Church.
Nearby you will find mountain-bike rentals and an Olympic-size pool.
Guests can sing karaoke at the Golden Emperor International Club.
The property offers free parking.
Oregon Wine Country is just 30 minutes’ drive from this hotel.
Salzburg W. A. Mozart Airport is 17 km away.
A private patio with a view of the pool or gulf is featured in every spacious room at West Wind Inn.
The private bathroom includes a bath or shower.
The rooms come with a shared bathroom.
Bright suites have carpeted floors and sofas.
Free private parking is available on site.
Shuttle services to the airport can be arranged at an extra cost.
It takes 1 hour to drive to Qinhuangdao Airport.
Grand Holiday Hotel 2 is situated in the heart of Hanoi, just 500 metres from Ngoc Son Temple. St.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
A buffet style breakfast is available daily.
Apartment Lise is 1 km from Onofrio's Fountains.
It features free Wi-Fi in all areas.
Breakfast is provided daily.
The centre of Sanxenxo is 10 minutes’ drive and Pontevedra is 35 km away.
Rooms at City feature air conditioning and hot water showers.
The nearest airport is Lugano Airport, 77 km from the property.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Situated next to Highway 11, Abild Hotel is a 10-minute drive from the 17th-century Schackenborg Castle.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
There is a dining/seating area and a kitchenette equipped with microwave.
It has a fully equipped kitchen, a balcony, and a bathroom.
There is a concierge service and 24-hour front desk.
Holiday Czech is 37 km from Vaclav Havel Prague Airport.
This organic farm is 2.5 km from the centre of Walchsee and the Walchsee Ski Area.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave, oven and dishwasher.
Free private parking is available at Gasthof Andres.
The centre of Taormina is a 20-minute drive from Bivani in Naxos.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
Viterbo is a 40-minute drive away.
A TV with cable channels is offered.
Some have a private bathroom with a shower.
The building offers 2 lifts, a concierge service and secure door entry.
You will find room service at the property.
The property offers free parking.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen TV.
A guest terrace is featured at B & B Off the Beaten Path.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Shanghai Pudong International Airport can be reached in 40 minutes by car.
The bathrooms offer a shower or bath and hairdryer.
A free shuttle to/from Peschiera Station is provided.
Packed lunches can be requested. Room service is available.
The Ice Palace is 12 minutes’ drive away, and Cherepovets Airport is 30 minutes by car from the hotel.
For your comfort, you will find bath robes, slippers and free toiletries.
The beautiful Veli Lagoon too is 18 km away.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
They come equipped with a closet, work desk, and telephone.
The 24-hour front desk provides fax and photocopying services.
There is a TV and a CD player in the living room.
Dubrovnik Bus Station and Ferry Port are 13 km from the property.
Sao Bang Hotel is 1 km from Hoan Kiem Lake and 1.5 km from Dong Xuan Market.
The property has an outdoor pool and free WiFi access.
On request, guests can enjoy breakfast at Andritsch Elfi Ferienwohnung.
Chhatrapati Shivaji International Mumbai Airport is 29.6 km away.
Surrounded by rolling countryside, there are a number of hiking routes and cycling trails for guests to explore.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Drinks and refreshments are served in all of Le Playa's 6 bars.
The water park is closed on Mondays.
Bathrobes are available at surcharge.
It also features an innovative Alphasphere.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all guest rooms at the Hyatt Place Salt Lake City Airport.
The apartment is 3.5 km from Lenin Mausoleum.
During summer, you can go hiking, cycling and paragliding.
The nearest airport is Lombok International Airport, 51 km from the property.
The hostel also offers bike hire, car hire and a tour and activities desk.
Free Wi-Fi and free on-site parking are provided.
If you feel like exploring the surrounding areas, Ballarat, in the foothills of the Great Dividing Range, is 40 minutes’ drive away.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
For meals, a fine selection of cuisine is offered at the on-site restaurant.
Guests benefit from terrace and a seasonal outdoor pool.
Drinks and snacks are available at the resort’s beach and pool bars as well as the lounge.
A cable TV is provided in each air-conditioned guest room at this hotel.
Discounts apply for guests of the Hotel Steinbock.
This simply furnished apartment features a seating area, tumble dryer and kitchenette.
Agroturystyka Zacisze is situated in a quiet area, 3 km from Lake Powidzkie.
Vent de Garbí has a sun terrace, with panoramic views of the bay.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
Public parking is available on site.
Guests can go fishing or play bowling and billiards.
Several shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a 150-metre radius.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
Sharm El Sheikh International Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
Yachimun Street is 1.4 km from the hotel, while DFS Galleria Okinawa is 1.5 km from the property.
The Indira Gandhi International Airport is 20 km.
The Indira Gandhi International Airport is 15 km away.
A laundry service is available and luggage storage is offered.
Staff can assist guests with car rentals and laundry requests.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is offered.
A healthy breakfast buffet is served daily.
A continental breakfast is served daily.
In the living room there are cosy sofas and a dining area.
Freshly baked bread rolls from the local bakery are served each morning at the breakfast buffet.
The rooms are fitted with wooden furnishings and terracotta floors.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and a private parking is available on site.
Trani is 34 km from Guesthouse Sistemi, while Polignano a Mare is 44 km from the property.
San Giusto Cathedral is a 10-minute walk away.
Packed lunches can be requested. Room service is available.
An extensive breakfast is served in the breakfast room every morning.
All accommodation features cable TV and modern bathrooms.
A shuttle to the airport can be arranged upon request.
Bicycle rental is also available.
Each comes with a modern bathroom with a hairdryer.
This Gialos hotel is next to the port and a 10-minute walk from Gialos beach.
A gift shop and a mini-market are set for your convenience.
Each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a satellite TV and a seating area.
The property is 5 km from Luer Market and Occheuteal Beach.
Guests can sunbathe on Coronado Beach’s terrace which features panoramic views of the Atlantic Ocean.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
The Pommern Museum ship is a 5-minute drive away.
All feature showers with water jets.
The à la carte restaurant serves traditional dishes.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
Bed linen is available.
Dubrovnik Airport is 77 km from the property.
Parque metro station is a 3-minute walk away.
It takes 30 minutes by car to reach Tainan High Speed Railway Station.
A continental breakfast is available at the hotel for an additional cost.
Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The rooms are equipped with a desk and a telephone.
Guests can relax after a busy day in the city on the hotel's terrace.
Every morning, breakfast is served buffet style.
Guests can sample a drink at the bar on site.
It offers self-catering accommodation with balcony and free WiFi access.
Poros Port is at 20 km and Kefalonia Airport is 25 km away.
Staff can also assist with laundry requests, vehicle rental and babysitting or butler service.
The property offers free parking.
After breakfast, you can have a walk to Canal du Midi, which is 900 metres away.
Massages can be arranged for a fee.
Phnom Penh International Airport is 18 km from the guesthouse.
Each offers satellite flat-screen TV and an equipped kitchenette.
Each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a seating area with sofa and dining area.
Agrigento is 55 km away.
An en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
You can enjoy mountain and city views.
Guests benefit from terrace. Free WiFi is featured .
It offers buffet breakfast and free Wi-Fi.
The scenic Kallithea Springs can be reached within 5 km.
Other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff and a games room.
There is a living room with open kitchen, three bedrooms and two bathrooms.
Port Elizabeth Airport is a 8-minute drive away.
A chargeable airport shuttle service and ticketing services are also available.
A hot breakfast is served each morning at this hotel.
Huazhong University of Science and Technology is 5 km away from the property.
Spacious rooms feature Balinese décor.
Private parking is free.
The rooms feature a private bathroom and are linen is provided.
The bathroom has a shower, hairdryer and washing machine.
This 4-star hotel is set in a peaceful area in Bogota.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Airport transfers and laundry service are available at extra charges.
The area is full of hiking opportunities of varying difficulty levels.
Marina Porto Real píer is 15 minutes away by boat.
Towels and bed linen are available at The Cozy Vatican Flat.
Private bathrooms include a hairdryer.
It is a 20-minute drive from Fertilia Airport.
The property enjoys views of the Tyrrhenian Sea, 1.5 km away.
In season, skiing is the region’s main attraction.
Certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience.
The nearest airport is Batumi International Airport, 4 km from Apartment on Khimshiashvili Street 2.
household appliances, kitchenware and cutlery. Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Bremen city centre is about 5 km away from the Bremer Apartmenthotel.
Activities in the surrounding area include a range of hiking trails, as well as canoeing.
It features comfortable rooms with wood-beamed ceilings.
The 24-hour reception has a tour desk and car rental services.
Each includes a TV and fridge. All units have a private bathroom with hairdryer and shower.
Burgas Airport is 10 km from the property.
Parking is free on site.
For convenience, laundry and ironing services are available upon request.
The nearest airport is Novokuznetsk Airport, 63 km from Country House Haski.
The Zell am See-Kaprun Ski Lift is a 7-minute drive away from the property.
Guests can also use the shared kitchen and enjoy their meals in the common lounge.
Free private parking is also available on site.
Yamna Train Station is within a 10-minute walk.
The unit is fitted with a kitchenette.
There is a 24-hour reception at the property.
Relax in this outdoor lounge and bar area with a refreshing drink.
Housing a restaurant, guests can sample a tasty selection of Sri Lankan and Continental dishes on site.
A spa centre is also available for pampering massages.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
All units will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
It offers modern apartments with a balcony and fully equipped kitchenette.
Some rooms also offer scenic views.
A breakfast buffet is provided daily at the Scheffelhöhe Hotel.
Laundry and transfer services are available.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
Free parking is available, as well as free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception.
Mandarin Shopping Centre is 1 km away.
The Pokhara Airport is 18 km away.
It offers apartments with kitchenettes.
Guests of this Florence motel will find a 24-hour front desk.
The property is 750 metres from Lagoa Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon and 3 km from Copacabana Beach.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
The nearest beach is 2 km from the hotel.
The Air Itam Market is 400 metres away from the property, and the nearest airport is Penang International Airport, 12 km away from the property.
Krupówki, a city promenade is only 50 metres away.
Each room is fitted with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
This 4-star hotel is located 2 km from the centre of Saint-Tropez.
La Gomera is set on the picturesque San Pedro Street and is 500 metres from the Osuna's Roman amphitheatre.
From here, guests enjoy direct access to a private beach at the lake.
Praia do Pontal Beach is located 40 minutes away on foot.
Bartolomeu Lisandro Airport is 5 km from the hotel.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and satellite channels. There is also a refrigerator.
Featuring a spa bath, the bathroom also comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a microwave.
Private bathrooms are equipped with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Guest House na Lenina is located in Anapa, 41 km from Novorossiysk.
Additional facilities include a washing machine and cleaning products.
Tivat Airport is at a distance of 20 km.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, shared kitchen and luggage storage.
The rooms come with a flat-screen TV.
The property is surrounded by apple trees and offers free Wi-Fi throughout.
Sangate Hotel Airport is situated within a 5-minute drive from the Galeria Mokotów Shopping Centre.
It features a Chinese restaurant and rooms with free wired internet.
Rovinj is 44 km from Guesthouse The Blue House, while Bibione is 48 km away.
Free WiFi access and a 24-hour front desk are available in this homestay.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave and fridge.
Towels and bed linen are offered at New Gudauri Gondola apartment.
All rooms are decorated with wooden furniture and tiled floors.
The bathrooms are shared.
The A22 motorway is nearby.
Free parking is available on site upon request.
They can also enjoy a hot breakfast that includes eggs, sausage and cinnamon rolls.
There is an on-site restaurant, bar, and a guest lounge area with billiards.
Continental breakfasts are served in the on-site restaurant, and there is also a bar in the hotel.
The scenic Fuxing Park is a 5-minute walk away.
Each also has a private bathroom and separate toilets.
At Beryozka Cottage you will find barbecue facilities, a terrace and a bar.
Breakfast is served daily in the dining area of Koutriaris Hotel and it is included in the room rate.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Rhodes International Airport is 13 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy a drink in the bar.
Guests can have a drink and a chat in the accommodation's cafe The Shuffle.
Milan's Tangenziale Est ring road is just one kilometre from the Europa Hotel.
Within 100 metres you will find shops, bars, cafes and restaurants.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
Albany Airport is 45 km away.
It offers panoramic views of the surrounding mountains and the river, and a peaceful garden.
WS Villa Monaci is located in Gallipoli.
There is a 24-hour front desk. The property offers free parking.
Barbecuing and organising a bonfire is possible outside, in the garden.
Babysitting services are also available, at a surcharge.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms come with towels.
The property offers free parking.
This property is 3 km from the Seafood Market and 1.5 km from the Society Café.
Marseille Saint-Charles Train Station is 2 km from the property.
Offering an on-site restaurant, Varalan Urheiluopisto is located by Lake Pyhäjärvi in Tampere.
The nearest airport is Dublin Airport, 12 km from Boudakhe Guesthouse.
Podgorica is 41 km from the property.
Some rooms feature a Turkish bath and views of the countryside.
A fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom.
Located by the pool, Splash also serves beverages.
It takes 10 minutes by taxi to Admiralty and Central Business District.
Wi-Fi internet access is available throughout the Condor.
The hotel also provides laundry services.
Just 10 metres from the beach in Grebbestad, this self-catering apartment offers sea views.
A bike rental shop and a surf school can be found 200 metres away.
Monasterio de Piedra is 15 km away.
An oven, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
Guests can relax in the shared lounge.
The accommodation features a seating and dining area.
The property is 2 km from the sea.
The property offers free parking.
Canyon Hills Golf Course is 3 miles from the hotel.
Other surcharged facilities offered include a sauna and massages.
Free on-site parking is provided.
Facilities include a guest lounge with a 52-inch flat-screen TV, and a communal kitchen.
A seating area with cable TV is available.
The cycling route around Lake Wörthersee can be accessed within 3 minutes by bicycle.
Ploshchad 1905 Goda is 1.1 km from the property.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with a dishwasher, oven and fridge. A stovetop and coffee machine are also featured.
Mini-Hotel also serves a daily breakfast.
A microwave and fridge are also featured, as well as a kettle.
The kitchen includes a hob, dishwasher and washing machine.
A daily homemade breakfast is offered and there is a shared TV room.
Packed lunches can be requested.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can benefit from room service, laundry and car rental.
The nearest supermarket is 5.5 km from the apartments.
The Soimul Ski Area is 9 km away.
Some rooms include a hydro massage bath.
It offers breakfast, free Wi-Fi and free private parking.
Puerto Viejo Bus Station offers direct links to Limon and San José.
Some rooms feature a seating area with a sofa and a balcony. Some of the rooms are air conditioned.
Boasting a fitness centre, it has a restaurant as well.
There is also a ski school available at the hotel.
A buffet breakfast is served daily and includes French pastries, bread, cheese and ham.
Free Wi-Fi and free parking are provided.
The house has free Wi-Fi, a terrace and flat-screen TV.
Each has satellite TV, a telephone and a private bathroom with shower.
During winter months, guests can enjoy skiing on the nearby slopes.
There are similarly splendid views from many of the shore-side bedrooms.
Other services include laundry and free wireless access in the lobby.
All accommodation types are air-conditioned.
Slippers can be found in the private bathroom.
Souda Port is 12 km away, while Chania International Airport is at a distance of 8 km.
The property offers medical consults and a wide range of treatments.
A grocery shop, a restaurant and a café are located within a range of 300 metres from Stefanie Appartement.
The snack bar serves international recipes.
and homemade marmalade.
There is a full kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
It is 65 km from Guilin Railway Station.
The walls are painted by Paolo Baratella.
Belgrade and Belgrade Airport are 65 km away.
Some units have sea view, whereas some feature mountain view.
The Detroit Zoo is 7 miles from the hotel.
The accommodation will provide you with a terrace, a seating area and a CD player.
The property offers free parking and luggage storage.
Various restaurants can be found in the vicinity.
Guests can benefit from a spacious bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
An evening cocktail hour offers cold drinks and hot food items.
Villa Tomo also includes a sun terrace.
Tivat Airport is 67 km away.
Free private parking is available.
Okehampton and the Dartmoor National Park are also within 30 minutes.
Free parking is possible on site.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The property offers free parking.
Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
The National Museum is 300 metres away, as well as Muzeum Metro Station.
The garden includes a children’s playground.
The property is 2.4 km from Soyembika Tower and 2.4 km from Annunciation Cathedral.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
Fire Island National Seashore is 12 miles away.
Throughout the inn guests can admire historic accents and antique decor.
The kitchen is equipped with a coffee machine.
This property offers rooms with a flat-screen TV and free WiFi.
The Sierra Nevada’s ski lifts can be reached in 90 minutes by car.
Sinai Stay is 10 km from Edakkal Caves and 14 km from Muthanga Wildlife reserves.
Other facilities offered include dry cleaning and a laundry. A car rental facility is available.
Morlaix Train Station is 30 km away and Huelgoat forest is 24 km from this B&B.
Certain units include views of the river or garden.
Chapada dos Guimaraes National Park is 4 km away, and Cachoeira Véu da Noiva is 20 km from the property.
Suanphueng Garland is a 5-minute drive from Scenery Farm.
The bathroom has a shower and toilet.
There is a dining area, equipped kitchen and 2 bathrooms.
Each has a well-equipped kitchenette, a seating area and a TV.
Guest can enjoy watching DVD films or cable channels.
Guests may relax on the sun loungers of the decked sun terrace by the pool.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
Staff provide useful tourist and can organise trips around Sardinia.
Porto International Airport is 16 km away.
Hostel Kamorim offers accommodation in Arraial do Cabo.
The beach is approximately 5km away.
A breakfast, lunch and dinner menu is available, with an emphasis on seasonal game, fish and meat.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer. are provided, as well as free WiFi access.
Big Creek Golf and Country Club is an 11-minute drive from the Hampton Inn.
Penang International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
At Gente con Tiempo you will find free shuttle service, a garden and a terrace.
Breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet, including yoghurt, fresh fruit, and cold cuts.
Free WiFi is available.
All rooms include air conditioning and hot water.
Featuring a restaurant, Hotel Ristorante Excelsior is located in Corfinio. Guests can enjoy views of the surrounding mountains.
All air conditioned, they also provide flat-screen TV and minibar.
Breakfast is provided each morning.
The nearest airport is Catania Fontanarossa Airport, 6 km from the property.
A TV and DVD player is offered.
Free WiFi access and free private parking are available.
Private rooms feature en suite bathrooms.
With an extra cost, you can rent electric bicycles and massages can be organised.
Rooms come with a balcony, shared bathroom and shared toilet facilities.
Free parking is available.
The Aquaforum water park can be visited 2.7 km from the hotel and the Seeberg Castle can be sightseen 9.4 km away.
You can easily reach the E313 motorway to explore the wider area.
Other facilities offered include a 24-hour front desk and a furnished deck.
The restaurant at Solbacka offers a set 2-course dinner at 19:00 each evening.
They are surrounded by a lush green garden with lots of flowers and trees.
Coffee, tea and juice are also provided.
Saint Geoirs Airport is 131 km from the property.
Each provides ironing facilities and a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
Chic apartment accommodation with city views is offered in Quito, 200 metres from the train station.
Some units include a terrace and/or patio.
Guests can sip complimentary green tea and watch satellite TV-channels.
Dishes from Aosta Valley can be enjoyed at lunch and dinner.
A flat-screen TV with Sky channels is also available.
A stop is a free ski bus is a 3-minute walk from the Schröckerhof.
Stearns Wharf and the Sea Center marine Museum are less than a mile from the hotel.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Parking is free for the duration of the stay.
The Roman Forum is 9 minutes’ drive away.
The property boasts views of the city and is 500 metres from Omni Centre.
Guests can enjoy an afternoon on the Play Station console at Slounge.
The nearest restaurant is in Hotel Srní 1.2 km from the property.
Rooms are air-conditioned and fitted with bunk beds.
Free private parking is available on site.
The resort is just 200 metres from the port and the beach.
The estate features views of the Rietvlei Dam and offers an outdoor swimming pool and garden.
Guests can go cycling or hiking in the surrounding areas.
All air-conditioned studios of Messes are equipped with a flat-screen, satellite TV.
During the summer, lunch and dinner can also be served on the sea-views terrace.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Rooms are all air conditioned and feature a private bathroom.
The X-Thrill Lavasa is 8 km and the Pune Railway Station is 58 km.
With direct beach access, this hotel is just 100 metres from the Mediterranean Sea.
The nearest bust station is just 1 km away from the villa.
They come with satellite TV, and internet access is available at a surcharge.
Airport shuttle service is also offered at a surcharge.
The property is 200 metres from Knight's Palace.
The shared bathroom is fitted with shower facilities.
Private parking is available on site.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven.
Resort World New York Casino is 6.4 km away.
The private bathrooms come with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Other facilities offered include shared lounge, luggage storage and a laundry.
A Japanese or Western set menu breakfast is available at the on-site restaurant, Jonathan’s.
There is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with a fridge.
Breakfast is served at the on-site restaurant.
Free wine-tasting and a visit of the winery is available on request.
The nearest beach is 450 metres away.
City views can be taken delight in.
The scenic Frisian lakes such as Tjeukemeer and Snitsermar are just 10 km away by car.
Guest House "Russkiy Dvorik" also includes a sauna.
The property boasts views of the garden and is 42 km from Windsor.
There is also a restaurant in the hotel building, Le Serac, which serves dishes made with locally grown produce.
Some units feature a balcony and/or patio with sea or mountain views.
Guests enjoy buffet breakfast with fresh fruits, juice, cookies and cakes.
The property offers free parking.
The en suite bathroom has free toiletries.
Italian cuisine and South African wines are served at Hollow’s restaurant.
Hollywood Restaurant serves Chinese, Indian and Continental dishes.
You can play mini-golf at the property, and the area is popular for horse riding.
Guests can start their day with a continental breakfast served daily at the dining area.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Kolorowa Ski Lift is 900 metres from Willa Gorski Widok / Mtn.
They are equipped with a balcony, satellite TV and a seating area.
All of them are equipped with private bathrooms and showers.
A private bathroom offers a shower.
The tour desk can assist guests with making travel and car hire arrangements.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout the apartment.
A fitness centre with exercise machines and weights is also available on location.
Free bicycle are available to rent.
A flat-screen TV and a minibar are included.
The apartment features modern design and is fully equipped for a holiday stay.
The property offers free parking.
All have an en suite shower with hairdryer and toiletries.
A grocery store can be found 100 metres away, while shops and a green market are reachable in 800 metres.
Napoli Capodichino Airport and Train Station are approximately 60 km away.
Apartments Dora also includes an outdoor pool.
Free parking is provided at Posada Amor.
Toncontin Airport is located 4.3 km from the accommodation.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven, microwave and refrigerator. A stovetop and kettle are also offered.
Superior rooms also have a terrace with sun loungers and a spa bath.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
You can prepare meals using the cottage’s kitchen, which is equipped with hotplates, a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Nantong Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
The nearest metro station is Tsereteli, a 5-minute walk away.
An Italian breakfast is offered daily and includes hot drinks and croissants.
Free parking is available on site, subject to availability.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in public areas.
The property is 2.2 km from Royal Phuket Marina.
In the village of Agia Anna, guests can find traditional taverns and seaside cafes.
Elysium has 2 tennis courts, a scuba diving center and a gym.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV.
You can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
Guests can enjoy breakfast every morning at Hôtel Restaurant du Pont Vieux.
Guests are greeted with free wine and fruit.
The hotel is a 15-minute walk or short tram ride into the city centre.
This property offers a unique homestay experience in a family house where guests can interact with the hosts.
The Reyssouze River and a pond feature near the property and the village of Pont de Vaux is 1 km away.
Each room at the Hotel am Hehlentor has cable TV and a desk.
Ibiza Airport is at a 30-minute driving distance from the property.
The inn also offers bike hire.
You will find a tour desk at the property.
Bathroom is fitted with a shower.
Free local telephone calls can be made from the rooms.
Laundry, dry cleaning and daily maid service are all provided.
The balconies offer views of the city's rooftops.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Guests choosing Stuttgart World of Apartment can book a range of services.
You can also enjoy the swimming pool.
Dorms feature individual curtains for privacy.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
A TV, as well as an iPad and a computer are available.
It offers its guests Wi-Fi access throughout for free and private parking on site.
A separate ski storage room is available at Hotel Silver.
Guests can relax on the sun loungers available by the pool or in the garden.
The villa has a well-equipped kitchen with dining area for guests’ conveniences.
South Beach is a 3-minute drive, and Miami Beach Golf Club is a 6-minute drive from the hotel.
The dining area includes a fully equipped kitchen.
Larnaca Port is just 600 metres away.
Airport shuttles can be arranged for an additional cost.
Tbilisia Apart Hotel also includes a terrace.
Rustic bungalow and villas with a private bathroom await guests.
Guests can relax in the beer garden, which also boasts scenic views.
Burgas Airport is reachable within 26 km.
Extras include a dishwasher and coffee machine.
Guests can relax in the garden and use BBQ facilities.
You can also help yourself at the salad buffet.
Air-conditioned rooms at Palm House Kep feature traditional Khmer-style décor.
The tents are customised with earth walls and typical décor.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is reachable within 20 km.
Each will provide you with a flat-screen TV, a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
The indoor swimming pool offers year-round relaxation and water aerobics classes.
Surrounded by mountains in a peaceful highland area, Alphabet is cosy family-owned accommodation.
In the evenings, the menu offers an international as well as local selection of dishes.
Warsaw’s city centre is 11 km away and it can be easily reached by public transport.
Guests can relax in the garden, on the terrace or in the quaint barrel sauna.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
It provides free private parking.
Room service is available.
The apartments will provide you with a balcony or a patio or a terrace.
Guests can watch the flat-screen TV or use the free Wi-Fi.
It offers a sauna, Russian steam bath, billiards and karaoke.
Guests of the property also have free access to the nearby Nord-Als sports center.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation and free Wi-Fi throughout.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
You can order dishes from the surrounding restaurants.
Dubai International Airport is 30 minutes by car.
Towels and bed linen are featured.
Other facilities offered include a massage.
The property offers free parking.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven, a microwave and a toaster, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a children’s playground and free private parking on site.
Piazza Navona is 500 metres away.
Essen’s main train station is 5 minutes away by underground.
The apartment is 2.5 km from Pula Cathedral.
The Sněžka Mountain is 10 km from the property.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries, towels and bed linen.
There is an adventure park 300 metres away.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a microwave.
It offers classic-style accommodation with a garden and furnished terrace.
Young guests will enjoy the playground.
Paris - Orly Airport is 15 km away.
Free parking is provided and the city of Vichy with its train station is 26 km away.
Kamari’s shops and restaurants are within easy walking distance.
Free WiFi is available.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Premier Cinema Hall is 450 metres away and central market is across the street.
The property can accommodate up to four persons.
The rooms come with a private bathroom.
Mafra National Palace is a 7-minute drive.
Accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen TV and cable channels.
Hermanus Backpackers & Budget Accommodation offers accommodation in Hermanus.
A ski shuttle service is free.
The apartments come with a kitchen, dining area and electric kettle.
Cavtat is 39 km from Villa Krasici, while Kotor is 11 km from the property.
Nazaré is a 12-minute drive from the spacious house and features renowned beaches.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and washing machine.
A traditional braai is also available for barbecues.
The property features 18th-Century frescoes and antique furnishings throughout.
Some rooms come with a patio.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a tour desk.
Gelendzhik Airport is 2 km from the property.
It also offers an international menu.
There is a spacious furnished terrace with dining and seating areas.
The hotel has a children's playground and sun terrace, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
It offers free Wi-Fi and cable TV.
Return in the evening for dinner in Restaurant Cajou.
Some rooms include a private bathroom with shower.
Guests have access to a shared lounge with an equipped kitchenette.
Featuring classic-style décor, the apartment comes with 4 bedrooms and 1 bathroom.
A barbecue area and laundry facilities are available on site.
It offers a pool, gardens and self-catering apartments with free Wi-Fi.
Guests benefit from balcony.
The reception works for 24 hours a day, and arranges boat tours upon request.
It includes free Wi-Fi access.
Free public parking is possible nearby.
Holiday Home T Daglonershuisje Drieborg is located in Drieborg.
Over 100 free parking spaces are available at the hotel.
Free parking is available on-site.
Karlovasi Port is at 14 km and Samos Airport is around 33 km.
Meeting facilities are on site and free parking is provided.
There is an on-site restaurant and 24-hour room service is available at Hotel Mirador
Hotel Elys is 10 minutes’ drive from Assago Mediolanum Forum arena.
At Hotel Starý Mlýn guests will find a bar and barbecue facilities.
A good selection of restaurants and cafés are located in the surrounding streets.
This holiday home is 28 km from Bergerac-Roumanière Airport.
Other facilities like an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
Younger guests have the opportunity to use the playroom, playground and table tennis.
A mini-fridge, TV and fan are included and linens are provided.
Room service can be arranged upon request.
Guests can go horseback riding within 5 km from the guest house.
There is also a wine bar where guests can try the estate's own wines.
All rooms are spacious and comprise air conditioning.
Along with the indoor pool, the hotel has an art gallery.
There is free WiFi throughout.
Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
Offering a restaurant, Hotel Costa del Sol is located in Fusagasuga.
The Florio is a 20-minute walk from Palermo Central Station and the cathedral.
There is a dining area for 8 people.
Tivat Airport is 20 km away.
Delhi International Airport is 14 km from the property.
They include a seating area, a dining area, and a kitchen.
Each is equipped with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning, and all have a private bathroom.
It is about 10 minutes' drive from Orosei.
The property offers free parking.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Tennis and billiards can be enjoyed on site.
Trabzon Airport is within 90 km of the property.
Edremit Korfez Airport is 45 km away.
Palm Springs Aerial Tramway is 1 mile from the hotel.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen.
Bresstraat Tram and Bus Stop is 350 metres from the residence.
A fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
The hotel’s restaurant offers buffet breakfast each morning.
The property offers free parking.
Each room at Hotel Star is decorated in a simple style and includes a TV.
At The Manta Resort you will find a private beach area and an outdoor pool.
Hotel La Chapelle Saint Martin is located in a large park and welcomes you in an elegant country house.
Within a 1-hour drive, guests can reach Sevilla, Huelva and Doñana National Park.
Certain units include a seating area where you can relax.
Taksim Metro Station is only a 10-minute walk from the property.
The sun terrace features barbecue facilities.
The unit includes a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and an oven.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
An en suite bathroom features a shower and towels.
Francisco Hotel also provides a restaurant serving Italian cuisine and specialities from the Campania region.
Alghero’s sandy beach is a 5-minute walk from L’Oleandro.
This beachfront property offers a communal sauna, a hot tub and a garden.
Free private parking is also available on site.
Perugia San Francesco d'Assisi Airport is 6 km away.
The Beausite's modern rooms have a flat-screen TV and an en-suite bathroom.
Massages and treatments can be booked.
Seychelles Condominiums by ResortQuest provides an on-site fitness centre.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is available.
You can play billiards at the guest house.
Villa Luka offers free parking.
Towels are featured.
There is also a bar where you can get a snack or a drink.
Buses stop 80 metres away for Tarvisio and Udine.
Wi-Fi throughout is free.
Set amongst 2 acres of land, it features free Wi-Fi and free parking.
Including free Wi-Fi access, the rooms at Regina feature a minibar, heating and telephone.
Guests can stay in self-catering homes with a private garden or terrace.
You can enjoy mountain view from the rooms.
Margao bus stand is 5 km away.
Lloret Beach is 200 metres away.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
There is a common kitchen at Pensão Prata, where guests can enjoy their meals.
Guests can enjoy a refreshing dip in the private swimming pool, or soak up the sun on the terrace overlooking the sea.
Guests can relax at the sun terraces and enjoy views over the garden and the Cretan Sea.
Every morning breakfast is served in the guesthouse.
Appartamento da Sergio is 15 km from the San Martino di Castrozza ski area.
The private bathrooms come with a bathtub and hairdryer, and some rooms have a seating area.
Ironing and laundry services can also be provided upon request.
The spa town of Karlovy Vary is 26 km away from the St. Anna.
Rovinj Marina is 1.5 km away, while the lively Carera Street is about 1.6 km from the property.
Certain units have views of the river or city.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
The accommodation is equipped with a TV.
The apartment features modern interiors and includes a separate bedroom, as well as a bathroom with shower.
Wood log accents are styled throughout.
It offers simply furnished rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Extras include a desk.
It also has a piano bar and a pool bar which open seasonally.
Guests can also enjoy the terrace with a view and outdoor furniture.
There is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher.
Each morning guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast.
Rio Marina is 7.5 km from the Maristella.
The hotel is within 5 blocks of Tepoztlan’s centre, where you will find cafés, bars and restaurants.
A restaurant and a snack bar are onsite.
The main port of Skopelos is only 250 metres from Hotel Aggeliki.
The city centre and Dinant Train Station are both less than a 10-minute walk from the accommodation.
The on site restaurant serves a selection of Chinese dishes.
Free private parking is available on site.
Certain rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Free on-site parking and en suite laundry facilities are offered for convenience.
Airport shuttles can be arranged at an added cost.
The property is 1.1 km from Botafogo metro station and 3 km from Copacabana Beach.
An on-site fitness center and laundry facilities are available at this hotel.
Bungalows are also available.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Vanha Nyyssölä is located in Ähtäri, 48 km from Keuruu.
There is a dining area and a kitchenette.
Free WiFi is available .
Some have 2 balconies.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Some rooms have a flat-screen TV.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Jordan Village is 7 minutes’ drive away.
A continental breakfast is provided daily.
Town of Ustroń is located 10 km away.
All units are equipped with air conditioning, TV and bathroom amenities.
A railway station is 3.5 km away.
Toiletries, bathrobes and a hairdryer are provided in the private bathroom.
Motorcycles can also be rented.
The popular Koundouros Beach is at a distance of approximately 3.5 km.
The hostel arranges fun themed nights and film nights.
Stora Hotellet Osby is located in Osby, 40 km from Kristianstad.
This property is 45 km from Cluj-Napoca International Airport.
The nearest airport is Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport, 18 km from the property.
Relax sun bathing on the beach, framed in wild green dunes, or lying by the hotel pool.
You can also book in-room massages and private yoga classes.
The picturesque town of Cadaquès and Dalì Museum are 17.5 km away.
Sudak town centre is 8.9 km away, while Simferopol Airport is 121 km away.
The apartment is 100 metres from Fountain Square.
Tbilisi International Airport is 13 km from the property.
All units feature air-conditioning, a flat-screen TV and a wardrobe.
Some have a private balcony with a view of the sea.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is offered.
A Western-style breakfast and dinner are served at the dining area.
It is a 20-minute drive to Thatluang Temple.
Guests also enjoy the convenience of 24-hour butler service and free Wi-Fi throughout the property.
Van Gogh Museum is 1 km from Peter Independent Apartments.
You can enjoy sea view.
Free WiFi access is available in each unit.
The apartment features a fully equipped kitchenette, living room and 2 bathrooms with shower.
It has a games room with billiards.
At Syabryna you will find a terrace.
All rooms come with a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Pompidou Centre is 2.1 km from Studio Jardin des Plantes, while Louvre Museum is 2.7 km away.
You can enjoy city view.
They all have a private balcony with garden views.
The kitchenette comes with an oven and a dining table.
A selection of international and local restaurants can be found within a 10-minute drive.
Some of the guest rooms at the Hôtel de la Mer feature harbour views.
The property is also 42 minutes’ drive from Dollywood theme park in Pigeon Forge.
A TV is available.
Katholische Akademie is 500 metres from Regensburg Cathedral Regensburg and the Old Stone Bridge.
Other facilities include a washing machine, tumble dryer, under floor heating and a wood burning stove.
In addition, every room has satellite TV, a mini-fridge and a hairdryer.
Salt Lake City International Airports is 10 minutes’ drive of the homes.
Brīvdienu Māja Pasaku Namiņš is a holiday home with a terrace, set in Dundaga.
Breakfast with local produce is served each morning in the comfort of your room.
Other facilities include a ski storage room and a playground for children.
The on-site restaurant serves a fine selection of Cantonese cuisine.
You will find a shared lounge and shops at the property.
The property offers free parking at a location nearby.
The property also provides different services including massage, tour desk and laundry.
There is a common kitchen at guests' disposal.
All rooms have a ceiling fan, private entrance and access to a patio.
The hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Guests can enjoy a swim in the seasonal outdoor pool or workout in the fitness centre.
Excellent cuisine is served at the restaurant which seats up to 850 people.
This holiday home is 69 km from Galileo Galilei Airport in Pisa.
There is tea-and-coffee making facilities, and fresh juices.
The resort provides a free shuttle service to Macau Ferry Terminal, a 20-minute drive away.
Offering pleasant views, each room has a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom.
San Simeon Apartments is set in a central area of Venice, just 650 metres from Saint Mark’s Square.
Apartments at La Pettina come with a kitchen, TV and washing machine.
The hotel offers 5 dining options, free internet access and a fitness centre.
The kitchen is equipped with all the utensils to prepare meals.
A restaurant is next door to the hostel, and a supermarket is 150 metres away.
Casa Relax Fam. D'Amata is 14 km from Colosseum and Circus Maximus.
The garden includes a sun terrace, a children’s playground, and barbecue facilities.
It is set in a building once belonging to Galileo's family.
The living area has a TV, sofa and dining table.
Select rooms offer ocean or mountain views.
The Cotulla Hampton Inn is 2.5 miles away from Cotulla-La Salle County Airport.
A microwave, small fridge, and coffee and tea-making facilities are also provided.
There is a fully-equipped kitchen with household appliances and kitchenware included.
Each room has a TV, a telephone and a private bathroom with a bathtub.
Lunch and evening meals can be provided upon request.
The dining area overlooks scenic views of the natural landscape.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Each air conditioned room at Super 8 Bishop offers an en suite bathroom.
Some have a balcony.
A buffet breakfast is served daily in the hotel's inviting dining room.
Cable TV is available in both rooms.
A work desk is also provided in each room.
Facilities include cable TV, washing machine and microwave.
Senhora da Guia is situated a 10-minute drive from the Guincho Fortress and the city centre of Cascais.
A microwave, refrigerator and ironing facilities are also provided in all rooms.
A TV, desk and private bathroom are included in every room.
Disney’s Animal Kingdom theme park is 18.6 km away.
Featuring a terrace, the accommodation offers a mountain view.
Eloy Alfaro International Airport is 70 km away from Renato's House.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room.
It is just 10 minutes’ walk from Sitges Beach.
Many shops can be found within 2 km.
The modern kitchen includes a dishwasher and a microwave.
West Hollywood Actors Apartment offers a private entrance.
With it's SeaLife Aquarium, Waterloo is just 30 minutes' walk away.
Guests have access to shared bathroom facilities and there are security lockers in the dormitories.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 17 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Jyväskylä Airport, 16 km from the property.
The home is fully equipped.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
The motorway A50 can be reached within 5 minutes.
Specialising in Mediterranean cuisine, the Doney Restaurant provides a chic indoor setting along Via Veneto.
Free WiFi is offered throughout.
Free private parking is available.
Offering free WiFi, Apartments Deutz is a self-catering accommodation located in Cologne.
Offering a Hammam, Dar Souran is located in Tangier.
Extras include satellite channels.
Shuttle services from and to Sofia Airport are available upon request, for an additional fee.
The rooms are fitted with a TV. Some units have a seating area for your convenience.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Free Wi-Fi is provided.
Restaurants can be found within walking distance.
Free Wi-Fi access and free parking are available.
Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Private bathrooms have heated shower facilities.
All accommodations offer views of Luanda.
Wi-Fi is available free of charge.
Offering a restaurant, Royal Suites is located in Sakakah.
You can enjoy tea or coffee accompanied with cake in the afternoon, and soup at night.
Each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Fenced local parking is also available.
They are equipped with air conditioning and satellite TV and offer bathrooms with bathtub.
Some rooms also have a private balcony.
Guests also enjoy a private patio overlooking the water.
Just 200 metres from the beach, Pensione Villa Elena is located in Forte dei Marmi.
Shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
Qingdao Liuting International Airport is an hour' car journey away.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave, kettle and a coffee machine.
Un ospite a Fontania is 30 km from Terracina.
Durau is 13 km from Pensiunea Ioana, while Piatra Neamţ is 23 km away.
Access to the property is through 7 km of gravel road.
The nearest airport is Simferopol Airport, 52 km from Holiday Home Kazasa 74.
The restaurants and nightlife at St Lawrence Gap are 1 km away.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free secure parking is available at the back of the hotel for your car, motorcycle or bicycle.
Free Wi-Fi and parking are provided.
There is also a free shuttle service to Jumeirah Beach Park available on request.
For children there are outdoor games and a playground with a swing and a sandpit.
All accommodations options include a TV and bathroom.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
The hotel serves a buffet breakfast.
Laundry and ironing services are offered.
Guesthouse V Ghostyah features free WiFi .
Pulkovo Airport is 24 km away.
Gregorio Luperon International Airport is a 1-hour drive away.
The nearest airport is Srinagar Airport, 13 km from Boat House Robinhood.
The fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator.
The accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
Selected rooms have a private balcony or terrace.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Guest of Guesthouse PM can make use of luggage storage, a tour desk and laundry service.
The property offers free parking.
Hotel Esperanza is located in Mazatlán.
The kitchen is equipped with a fridge, microwave, oven and a dining area.
It features a three-storey spa and yoga studio.
Luggage storage services are provided at the 24-hour reception
They are all hypoallergenic and come with parquet floors, air conditioning and free Wi-Fi.
The hotel offers free WiFi access and an on-site restaurant.
Guests can also relax on the terrace with free barbecue oven.
For guest convenience, a cash machine is located on site. Meeting facilities are available as well.
Breakfast is included in the rate and served each morning in the dining room.
Offering a restaurant, The Beach House and Restaurant is located in Patong Beach.
Guests enjoy free use of the hotel's infrared sauna.
It offers a furnished garden and a ski storage room.
Los Arqueros Golf Resort also includes a terrace. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Entertainment is provided most evenings in high season in the bar.
The Oakbrook Shopping Center is 12 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
The Riverfront Entertainment Park is just 10 minutes’ drive away.
Various massages can be booked on-site.
Apartments at Platana Apart Hotel feature air conditioning, a balcony and a seating area.
Guests have access to Señor Frog's beach club during their stay.
Offering all-day dining, a range of Asian dishes can be sampled at GRD’s restaurant.
The scenic Moscow River and several shops are within a 15-minutes' walk.
Other facilities offered at the property include shared lounge.
Meeting facilities are available on site.
Free WiFi access is available in this non-smoking homestay and guests have access to the shared kitchen and living room.
Meals can be enjoyed at the outdoor serving during summer.
Guests can enjoy the on-site snack bar. Free private parking is available on site.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Different excursions and city tours can be organised upon request.
Free WiFi access is available.
A 24-hour front desk welcomes guests to Travelers Inn. The property offers free parking.
Angel Guest House is a 2-minute walk from East Tsim Sha Tsui MTR Station.
Casa Rural Abadía is a set in a peaceful area in Sequeros.
Free WiFi access is offered.
Private parking.
Each has a bathroom with a bath and a shower, as well as a minibar and a TV.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
In the city of Lagos guest will find shops, bars and cultural activities.
Every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower.
The property is situated 29.5 miles from Inverness Airport.
Viewpoint is a self-catering accommodation located in Sopot.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, hiking and canoeing.
The Schwarzer Adler offers free Wi-Fi and free parking.
Featuring a terrace, all units feature a flat-screen TV, iPod docking station, and Blu-ray player.
The hotel is awarded with a golden Green Key certificate.
At Lou Roucas you will find a garden and outdoor furniture.
Private parking is available at the Krone for an extra fee.
For your comfort bed linen and towels are provided.
The Dynjandi Waterfall is 50 km away.
Each apartment has a private entrance and a bathroom with shower.
Regional cuisine is also available at the property’s restaurant.
Cancun International Airport can be reached in a 60-minute drive.
Free toiletries are also provided.
Alternatively, guests can enjoy fresh beverage and barbecue dishes at Barbecue Bar and Castle Bar.
Rooms are decorated in simple and rustic style.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. The property offers free parking.
It is 150 metres from the Col Rodella ski slopes.
Every unit has a private bathroom with a bidet, bathrobes, and a hairdryer.
Each apartment can be reached by lift from the underground car park.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided.
All include satellite TV, a minibar and a tea/coffee maker.
Guests can relax on the furnished sun terrace and there is a children's play area.
A shop is only 50 metres away and the closest restaurant is within 500 metres.
Across 2 levels, it benefits from free Wi-Fi.
Studios and apartments boast a kitchenette.
You will find a gift shop at the property.
They are furnished with coffee facilities and a minibar.
Each room includes a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
Free parking is available on site.
Treviso Antonio Canova Airport is just 6 km away.
The nearest airport is Tito Minniti Airport, 38 km from the property.
Hiking and cycling opportunities are available in the surrounding area.
All rooms are air-conditioned and have a private bathroom.
Blue Bird Farm Tea Room & Gift is 10 miles from the resort.
It features a traditional Alpine-style bar and restaurant.
Each room has a TV.
Blueway Hotel Residence offers accommodation in Istanbul.
It is a 44-minute drive from Chambord Castle, a 50-minute drive from Chiverny Castle and 1 hour's drive from Blois.
Laundry facilities are also available for use.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV, a work desk, and tea and coffee making facilities.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher and an oven.
The garden includes a children’s playground.
The resort offers bungalow style accommodation, beautiful gardens and a great beach.
The en suite bathrooms include a shower and a hairdryer.
A continental breakfast is available every morning and can be served in the comfort of your room.
The house features a large living room with a TV.
Bed linen is provided.
In summer, the Saalbach-Hinterglemm Joker Card is included in the rate.
Massages and treatments can be arranged for guests who want to unwind.
Guests can enjoy their meals either inside or outside by the pool area.
Sitges Train Station is 1.5 km from the apartment.
Pollença Golf Club can be reached in 17 minutes by car.
With modern decor, the rooms are fitted with a seating area and air conditioning.
You will find a range of shops and restaurants within a 3-minute walk of Pirineo Suites Baqueira Aiguestortes.
Dishes are prepared using locally sourced produce.
Bistro, Courtyard’s on-site restaurant, serves breakfast in the morning as well as dinner and cocktails in the evening.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a fridge.
Guests can enjoy al fresco dining or indoors in the à la carte restaurant.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
Car and bike rental are arranged on request.
Split Airport is 20 km away.
Arias River is 10 km away.
The hotel also offers 24-hour coffee and tea in the lobby.
Guests can make use of the shared TV area, games room and the library.
The property offers free parking.
A shower is fitted in the bathroom.
The property is a 7-minute drive from Castle Stalker and 19 miles from the coastal town of Oban.
The property offers free parking.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
For a small fee, guests can enjoy the sauna and bowling alley located onsite.
The hotel is located on the main road towards Palenque archeological area.
Sihanoukville International Airport is 9 km away.
Apartmán Štrba comes with a terrace, a kitchenette, a seating area and a private bathroom.
Bathrooms are fitted with slippers and bathrobes.
Rooms include a parasol, 2 sun loungers at the private beach.
Breakfast is served between 07:00 and 10:00 each morning, in the dining room looking out over the Kennet Valley.
You can engage in various activities, such as skiing and golfing.
Ganja International Airport is 50 km from Garabag Resort&Spa.
The property offers free parking.
The property offers free parking and ski storage.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The nearest airport is Bandaranaike International Airport, 64 km from the property.
The area provides many hiking opportunities with varying degrees of difficulty.
Guests also have access to a shared kitchen, which is fully equipped, and a common room with a TV.
FreeWiFi access is available. Accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
It offers elegant accommodation overlooking the harbour and the city.
A flat-screen TV is available. There are 3 private bathrooms with bath.
The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
Extras include towels, a safety deposit box and a washing machine.
Guests are invited to prepare their own meals, as a fully equipped kitchen in the apartment includes a microwave and dining area.
Some rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
All rooms have a bathroom with a hairdryer and a shower or a tub.
Surbiton Railway Station provides easy access to central London in a 20-minute train journey.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A sweet Italian breakfast is served buffet style.
The daily breakfast is buffet style.
There is also a toy corner for children.
All rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
Arena Shopping Centre is at a distance of 500 metres.
It also features a seating area with a sofa, and a washing machine.
Bicycle rentals are available for guests who wish to explore the city on their own.
The property has a courtyard, wine cellar, and garden.
The hotel offers a breakfast buffet, served every day in the dining room.
A free transfer service to Tillamook Airport, 6 miles away, is provided.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Breakfast is served every morning in the elegant Salto Restaurant.
The Segnas Train Station can be reached on foot in 5 minutes.
Shops are 5.5 km away and restaurants can be found within 7.5 km.
The kitchen facilities include a microwave, oven and kitchenware.
All rooms at the Benita come with either private or shared bathroom facilities and a TV.
Tallinn Train Station is 750 metres away.
A hairdryer and free toiletries are included.
Guests are welcome to relax in the shared lounge.
Cross-country skiing trails are a 2-minute walk away.
At Blux Medellin you will find a shared sauna.
The property offers free parking.
White Springs Golf Course is 4 miles from the hotel. Greenville City Park is 1.3 miles away.
San Casciano in Val di Pesa is 15 km away.
A washing machine and an iron are also included, as well as bed linen.
Florence Airport is 30 km away.
There is equipped fully equipped kitchenette with fridge and the bathroom comes with a shower.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The DC Gallery Place Apartments has a 24-hour front desk.
Guests can sample their homemade meals in the dining area which features a luster, fireplace and a bar counter.
It also includes a fridge-freezer and a coffee machine.
There is a private bathroom with a bath, bidet and shower, and slippers and a hairdryer are available.
Car hire is also provided for guests to explore Dadong Sea on their own.
Some villas feature a fireplace.
Antwerp Backpackers Hostel is situated 1.2 km from the Central Station.
The fully equipped kitchen includes a coffee machine, toaster and a dishwasher.
A shuttle service is provided upon request and at extra charge.
Miami International Airport is 20 minutes’ drive away.
. Other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
A washing machine as well as ironing facilities are included.
A seating area and work desk are included.
The nearest airport is Santorini (Thira) Airport, 3 km from the property.
Each house is lightly decorated which makes it bright with a lot of windows.
A fitness room is also available.
All of the bedrooms in Hotel Oasis have an en-suite bathroom.
Riccione is a 15-minute drive away.
Spa facilities at the hotel include hammam and beauty salon.
Šibenik is only a 15-minute drive away.
Meals can also be served in the comfort of guests’ rooms.
Some rooms also boast views of the garden.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
It offers a communal terrace.
Assistance with canoe or raft rental can be provided as well.
The city centre and Erfurt Cathedral are just 1.5 km from Pension No.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV, wardrobe and desk.
Guests at Labourdonnais can enjoy meals at 3 on-site restaurants, or relax with refreshments at either of the 2 bars.
The unit is equipped with a kitchenette. A flat-screen TV is offered.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath.
The unit is 1.3 km from Cortina - Col Drusciè, and guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Free private parking is available on site.
Terreiro do Paço with its riverside cafes and summer terraces is within 15 minutes’ walking.
Guests are invited to prepare meals in the apartment’s open-plan kitchenette, which has a microwave.
Some rooms have a balcony.
This charming, 2-storey house is located 1 km from the centre of historic Begur.
The property includes a seating area with sofa and flat-screen TV.
The panoramic terrace of the Luna di Marzo offers views of the Cinque Terre's steep cliffs.
Cable TV along with a flat-screen TV is provided.
The provided units all feature a kitchen or a kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower.
Buses go from near the apartment to Osnabrück city centre every 10 minutes.
Laundry facilities are included.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
The hotel’s café serves breakfast and local cuisine.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area. There is also an electric kettle.
Each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Istanbul Ataturk Airport is around 20 km away.
The hotel is a 45-minute drive from Phuket International Airport.
The hotel provides a business centre and free parking.
Guests who drive can enjoy free parking space.
In the private bathroom a bath or shower are available.
En suite bathrooms are equipped with shower facilities and toiletries.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
It features a traditional lounge, a modern sauna area and free wifi in every room.
The restaurant at L'Ours Blanc serves local and regional specialties.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Daily local newspapers are also provided.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding, cycling and hiking.
Guests can rent a bicycle at the accommodation.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
A 42-inch flat-screen television, desk, and seating area are featured in all guest rooms.
Rooms at the Lodge Hotel and Conference Center feature half-canopy beds and seating areas with chandelier lighting.
Free private parking is available on site.
Some units are split level.
It is a 15-minute drive from Jampore Beach and a 20-minute drive from Vapi Railway Station.
Guests will find a washing machine, dishwasher and TV.
It features an outdoor swimming pool, a gym and sauna.
The 2-bedroom apartment has a living room with armchairs and TV, as well as air conditioning.
Each room at Candiani is air conditioned and features a minibar and satellite TV.
The staff provide phone assistance throughout your stay.
Albergo Il Cacciatore offers large rooms and a terrace overlooking the Umbrian valley.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 23 km from the property.
Hilo International Airport is 44.7 km drive away.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar and à la carte restaurant.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar which opens daily from 08:00 to 00:00.
A TV is offered.
A bus station is 2 km away.
Offering accommodation with air conditioning, Apartments Milacic is set in Budva, 1.7 km from Mogren Beach.
The property offers free parking.
The hotel offers free parking.
The nearest airport is Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport, 30 km from Le Ville di S.Anna.
Free Wi-Fi is included.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 18 km away.
All rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV and an electric kettle.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a TV.
The kitchen has a microwave and a fridge. A flat-screen TV is offered.
Daily housekeeping service and 24-hour frontdesk are provided for guest convenience.
The Bistro serves breakfast and dinner options daily.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen. A flat-screen TV with cable channels is featured.
The Museum of World Culture is 700 metres away.
Feliz Verano offers an outdoor swimming pool, gym and sauna.
Guests will also find barbecue facilities and a communal sauna.
Free private parking is available on site.
It is set in 15 hectares of parkland, surrounded by ancient trees.
Each room is fitted with a TV.
Plaza de Ayuntamento square is 1 km from the Apartments Roni.
The apartment offers free private parking on-site
Ba Liang Fang Chinese Restaurant serves a selection of Chinese dishes.
It offers self-service kitchen, laundry service and free WiFi throughout the property.
An on-site garden offers a quiet place to relax.
A hairdryer can be requested.
All rooms offer views of the lake.
It offers stylish rooms with free Wi-Fi and elegant bathroom facilities.
This dog-friendly hotel has a terrace and views of the garden, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
Located directly in the EuroNova Business Park, it is 5 km from central Cologne.
A public computer station with printing services is available, as well as laundry facilities.
Split Airport is 21 km away.
Avia is located in Kalamata within 50 metres from the beach.
It features a beautiful garden with a central fountain and 24-hour front desk.
A 10-minute walk away is an art market.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
The restaurant serves breakfast and lunch.
Towels are offered.
The bathroom has a shower and free toiletries.
Monti Sibillini National Park is 30 km from the property.
Avignon-Provence Airport is 40 km from the property.
Offering clean and comfortable rooms in an ideal location, the hotel provides free Wi-Fi.
Set on the Kupa riverbank, Holiday Home Švertfajer is located in Reštovo.
The lounge area has an ethnic-style décor and also includes a TV.
The kitchen includes an oven, microwave and refrigerator.
A shower and a bath are fitted in the private bathroom.
Akureyri town centre is 800 metres away.
Each one of them comes with a private bathroom, a fully equipped kitchen, and a washing machine.
Guest rooms at the Ft.
Select rooms offer access to a balcony or veranda.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
Public parking is available nearby for an additional charge.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Apartamenty Lenina 22A is a self-catering accommodation located in Nizhniy Novgorod.
Breakfast is prepared with fresh vegetables, some of which are grown in their own garden.
A free breakfast is served each morning.
Alicante Airport is 100 km away.
An en suite bathroom with hairdryer is also included.
It is a 10-minute drive from Hualien Railway Station. Hualien Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
Guests benefit from a balcony and an outdoor pool. Free private parking is also available on site.
Bicycle rental is available for free.
Located in Abu Dhabi, Times Inn Hotel Apartments offers an indoor pool and a restaurant.
Apartments also come with an equipped kitchen.
Dwijaya House of Pakubuwono also includes a sauna and fitness centre.
There are two bathrooms with shower.
Free parking spaces are available on site.
An en suite bathroom with a bidet is also included.
Some of the apartments also have wonderful views of the surrounding countryside.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
El Sol Hostel de Humahuaca is located 800 metres from the bus station.
This two-bedroom apartment is entirely air-conditioned and features contemporary décor, plus wooden floors, and flat-screen TVs on its bedrooms.
Maison La Belle’s rooms have a fan and provide you with TV with cable channels.
Conference rooms can accommodate up to 200 people.
Free parking is provided.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels and DVD player is available.
Less than 3 km to Bodrum city centre, Jarra Hotel is 2.5 km to the Bitez district.
Slow City Youth Hostel is conveniently located in Qingyang District of Chengdu.
The guest house is set close to many of Cala Figuera’s restaurants, bars and cafés.
Princes Street and Edinburgh Castle are 15 minutes’ walk away.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, a seating area and satellite channels.
The reception is open 24 hours a day.
It features a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi access.
The Rehoboth Boardwalk is 5 minutes' drive from the motel. Dewey Beach is 10 minutes' walk away.
Leonidion Village is 32 km from the property.
Apollon features a café-bar and air-conditioned lobby with fireplace on site.
Guests can relax in the bar and lounge area with widescreen TV and table top video games.
Selected rooms come with an electric kettle.
All rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
On request, a gluten and lactose free breakfast can be prepared.
The apartments have a sofa.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a microwave. A fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a kettle.
Free WiFi is available.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
The restaurant is decorated with traditional Ukrainian art and artefacts.
Originally a villa from the late 1700s, the Gioia is 300 metres from the sea.
The closest restaurants, shops, bars and cafés are located in the village centre and can be reached within 10 minutes on foot.
The closest public parking is 100 metres away, and the shores of Lake Garda are a 5-minute walk from the property.
The comfortable rooms have a flat-screen TV.
Balti Jaam train station is just 500 metres away.
There is a private bathroom with a bidet in each unit.
The interiors of the Onega Castle Hotel are inspired by ancient Karelian folk patterns.
All meals are served buffet style.
You can enjoy city view and river view from the room.
Klaipėda is 35 km from the property.
An iPod docking station, a DVD player and an in-room safe are also included in each room.
Cycling and hiking is possible around the property.
The Ancient Plovdiv, the historical, well-preserved part of the city, is also nearby.
The Capitolina’s terrace offers wonderful views over the Alcázar and the Roman Bridge.
A sauna and a sun bed are on site, and free WiFi is available.
Chromepet Railway Station is 17.2 km away.
Ensenada de Utria national park is a 35-minute boat ride away.
The nearest airport is Malta International Airport, 6 km from the property.
The accommodation features a balcony with a view of the communal garden and free Wi-Fi access is available.
Free WiFi access and free private parking are available.
Parking on site is free for guests.
Gillette Stadium, home of the New England Patriots, is 20 miles from the hotel.
Every morning, a complimentary breakfast is served on Melek Hotel's lovely rooftop terrace.
A spacious garden with barbecue facilities is available to all guests.
A hairdryer is provided with the private bathroom.
It offers 2 private bathrooms with a bath tub or shower.
The property also has a bar.
Portela Airport is 8.4 km away from the Gspot Hostel.
The Restaurant Holiday offers a range of traditional and creative dishes for every taste and budget.
They have a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Regional food can also be served in the evening.
Guests can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet and free parking.
Luggage storage can be arranged upon request.
Breakfast and a take-away dinner can be purchased at a partner property from beginning of June until mid September.
There is also a heated outdoor swimming pool.
There is also a bar, shared lounge and a games room at the hotel.
The area is popular for cycling and hiking.
Free private parking is provided.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Some rooms overlook the sea, while others have a view of the Caucasus Mountains.
Guests can enjoy daily VIP treats in their room, a daily newspaper and bathrobes and slippers.
The hotel’s restaurant serves traditional cuisine from the region.
The Main Bus Station and Ferry Port are 2 km away.
Kuk is located in Fanø Vesterhavsbad. The accommodation is suitable for eight guests.
They include an en suite bathroom and are warmly decorated.
A grocery shop and a bakery can be found within 100 metres.
Guests of Hotel-Restaurant Du Lac can enjoy traditional and seasonal cuisine served in the dining room.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
A soundproofed meeting room is also available.
Guests are welcome to dine in various cafés and restaurants are located within a 10-minute walk of the inn.
A supermarket and a restaurant can be found within a walking distance.
Sunny View North Apartments is situated just a 10-minute walk from the beach.
It has 2 restaurants to choose from as well as free Wi-Fi and free private parking.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels.
A work desk is also provided.
Also, there is an on-site restaurant where you can enjoy local dishes.
All rooms have a semi-open bathroom fitted with a shower.
Some Executive Studio Apartments have a private balcony.
Spa treatments are available after a day of sightseeing.
The private bathroom comes with a bath and a shower.
Located in Panglao City, Kentian Star Tourist Inn is just 500 metres from the beachfront.
En suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
Close to the hotel there is a bus stop providing quick access to Burgas, Nessebar, Sunny Beach and Pomorie.
The property is located 2 km from the ancient town of Nesebar and a 5-minute drive from Sunny Beach.
Along the Croisette you will find many shops and restaurants.
The accommodation is individually decorated in Moroccan tones and features an en suite bathroom with a shower.
Free parking is available on site.
You can park your car free of charge on site.
Rooms at the Red Wine Club are spacious and cosy.
Other facilities offered include a tour desk.
JR Nakafurano Train Station is a 10-minute drive away.
The Slide & Splash Water Park is 6.8 km away.
There is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
They all come with a TV, a desk and a refrigerator.
Free toiletries are provided.
The bathroom includes bath, shower, bidet and a hairdryer.
Delicious breakfast is served every morning in the stylish dining room or on the garden terrace.
The garden is fitted with tables and chairs.
Maison d'hôtes Dar Farhana is located 4 km from Ouarzazate.
It features an outdoor pool and free parking nearby.
This hotel has a private beach area and bike hire is available.
It features a garden with barbecue facilities and free WiFi in public areas.
Staff at the tour desk is delighted to offer travel tips and assist with ticket service.
A minibar and satellite TV are provided in each soundproofed room.
This air-conditioned property is just 500 metres from the beach.
Each 2-storey apartment is comfortably furnished and air conditioned.
A restaurant service and cooking courses are also available.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven and microwave.
Each spacious room features mountains views, free Wi-Fi and flat-screen TV.
All rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
Airport shuttles can be provided on request.
The rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
Tower of London is 1.4 km from Bloomfield Rooms, while Hoxton Square is 1.4 km away.
Hotel Boomerang is located in Valverde, the capital of the small Canary Island of El Hierro.
Bike rental and laundry service are available at a surcharge.
Soak up the sun while reading a book on the terrace.
Apartments at Casa Del Sole have wood-beamed ceilings and antique furniture.
List Dünenstraße Train Station is a 10-minute walk away.
The Great Barrier Island Ferry Terminal is 35 minutes' drive away.
A refrigerator, microwave and coffee facilities are available in the rooms at the Ramada Kittery.
They include a seating area with a fireplace, satellite TV and free Wi-Fi.
Bed linen, towels and a hairdryer are provided.
Las Ramblas, the Gothic Quarter and Plaça de Catalunya are less than 1.5 km away.
The property offers free parking.
The restaurant serves hardy meals by the fireplace or on the terrace.
The apartment has a safe and a TV.
Each accommodation includes a fully equipped kitchen and a flat-screen TV.
Set across the street from Forte Beach at a 20 metres distance, Apartamento Praia do Forte is a self-catering accommodation located in Cabo Frio.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Guests can sit poolside or enjoy the sun out on the terrace.
Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV and tea/coffee making facilities.
Lunch and dinner are possible to order in advance.
All day dining options are offered at Carliano's Cucina restaurant.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
There is a 24-hour front desk and shared lounge at the hotel.
Fewtor Place is located less than a 15-minute drive from Lamai Beach.
Matzi Studios & Apartments is 13 km from the city of Chania.
Augusta State Airport and Children's Discovery Museum are a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
Beechworth Golf Course is a 4-minute drive away.
Some rooms have views of Moscow city centre.
The inn offers a sea-facing tavern.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, a balcony and a minibar.
Rooms overlook either the gardens or the pool from a private balcony.
The kitchenette is equipped with all necessary appliances for guests to prepare their own meals.
For dining option guests can explore the surrounding area where various restaurants can be found just a 5-minute walk away.
Guests may cook their own meals in the kitchen.
This hotel has free ski storage space and car hire is available.
San Pedro Airport International Airport is located 6 km away.
You can enjoy a mountain view from the room.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling, hiking and windsurfing.
On-site parking is possible.
Horta Airport is 7 km away, and the hotel provides free private parking on site.
Llobregat Shopping Centre and Multi-Cinema is 10 minutes’ walk away.
The nearest railway station is Gdańsk Lipce, 1.7 km away.
Various ski trails and bike paths are 10 minutes’ drive away from the hotel.
Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport is located 63 km from the property.
Joaquina Beach is 5 km away.
In-room facilities include air conditioning, a TV and a safety deposit box.
There is a restaurant at the hotel which specialises in traditional Polish and regional cuisine.
The house can accommodate up to six persons.
Upon arrival guests are offered a welcome basket with typical Italian products.
Buffet breakfast is served every morning, and Six Inn Hotel also features a bar.
The apartment is 1 km from Puerta del Sol.
Guests can freely mingle at the spacious common area.
The property boasts views of the garden and is 11 km from Saint Isaac's Cathedral.
Guests can dine in the on-site restaurant and there is also a shared TV lounge.
A private bathroom with a hairdryer is also provided.
Situated among vineyards, the recently renovated complex Orizontes Hotel offers accommodation with views of the sea and the Caldera.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
At Gîte & Chambres d'hôtes Mas La Tardosse you will find a garden.
Hobart and William Smith Colleges are just 3 minutes’ drive away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with towels.
Free parking is available on-site.
Some have 2 bathrooms.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
Durban Country Club can be reached by car in 10 minutes.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
Restaurants serving traditional German food are only a 10-minute walk away.
Rooms are equipped with a work area and Canal+ satellite TV.
Other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
During the summer months, you can make the most of the outdoor pool.
Situated in Nizhnevartovsk, this apartment features free WiFi and a balcony.
Every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
Each room is equipped with a TV.
The Kremlin and the Red Square are a 20-minute walk from the hostel.
The airport and Geneva's main train station is a 15-minute car drive away.
Free WiFi access is available.
The Tauernradweg (bicycle trail) leads directly past the hotel.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Each unit includes a ski deposit.
Guests can take Spanish and Tango lessons, and Wi-Fi is free.
Kaliningrad Devau Airport is within 3 km.
The Klausberg ski area is a 7-minute drive from the apartments.
The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
Several restaurants, bars and clubs are within a 10 minute walk.
The kitchenette is equipped with an oven, stovetop, toaster, coffee machine, and microwave.
The nearest airport is Rome Ciampino Airport, 15 km from NAVONA SECRET SUITE.
The hotel offers a daily breakfast buffet, free Wi-Fi and a spacious outdoor pool.
The apartment features free WiFi throughout the property.
The Staroměstská Metro Station is 500 metres away.
A continental breakfast is served buffet style each morning.
The Holy Trinity Church built in 1880 is 1 km away.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with a satellite TV and balcony.
The hotel features a tour desk, a business centre, and a gift shop.
The property is 10 minutes’ walk from Wandsworth Bridge and the River Thames.
Facilities at the Regente Hotel include a fitness centre and car rental service.
For dining, there are a lot of eateries in the surrounding area.
Cape Town International Airport is located 68 km away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
I Graniti Apartment is located in San Pasquale, 9 km from Palau.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Car and motorbike rentals are also provided.
Nanjing Lukou International Airport is 40 km away.
The hotel is 5 km from Siena Train Station.
Baan Sai Yuan has an outdoor pool and a children’s pool.
All the rooms overlook the surrounding garden.
There is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
All rooms include private en suite bathrooms and terrace access.
A sauna, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour front desk are featured at Atlant Hotel.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Each room includes a TV. Every room is equipped with a private bathroom.
There is a shared kitchen and shops at the property.
The apartment features a TV, air conditioning and a balcony with a sea view and lake view.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
The historic Registan Square is just a 5-mintue walk from the family-run Jahongir.
Guests also get access to the 360o Panoramic Lookout in restaurant "La Vista".
Dumaguete is 29 km from Lagnason's Place, while Moalboal is 45 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
A variety of grocery stores are within a 10-minute walk of the property.
There is also a big garden and a sunny terrace.
The area is popular for fishing and canoeing.
Extras include a desk, bed linen and a fan.
The SantaMaria Hotel is a one-hour drive from Turin.
All of them have heating.
Enjoying a quiet location in the village of Demänová, Harly is set 4 km from Liptovský Mikuláš.
Cancún International Airport is 56 km away.
The three-bedroom holiday home is provided with a TV, DVD-player and a radio.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
Every room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a flat-screen TV.
Ask at reception for ticket and transfer arrangements.
Free public parking is available nearby.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. A microwave and coffee machine are also available.
Peterborough city centre is less than 5 minutes’ drive away.
Blue Birds is 13 minutes' walk from Cable Bay vineyard & restaurant.
Guests can rent boats and fishing equipment on site.
The upstairs bedroom features carpeted floors and vaulted wood ceilings.
Swim or dine with the luxury of one of the finest views of the Aegean Region.
The hotel is 900 metres from Uzungol Lake and Trabzon Airport is 88 km away.
All rooms feature parquet floors and are decorated in traditional style.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
Guests enjoy garden view from the room.
Our Lady of Guadalupe Cathedral is a 10-minute walk away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The furnished balcony overlooks the sea.
Some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
The hostel is 1.2 km from St Anthony's Church.
BmyGuest - Real Casta Apartment II also includes a terrace.
Burgas International Airport is 26 km away.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Grand Hotel Rzeszów is situated in central Rzeszów, 1 km from Rzeszów Railway Station.
Other facilities include electric heating.
Free parking is provided.
Loket’s historical centre is just 500 metres from Gracie Penzion.
A balcony is available in each unit.
It is set among landscaped gardens and features an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi.
There is also a fitness centre and daily housekeeping is available for free.
It serves a daily continental breakfast.
The nearest airport is Schiphol Airport, 6 km from the property.
Schloss Restaurant Straßburg hosts various exhibitions.
Guests can also enjoy Chinese and Thai specialities.
Check your emails using free wireless internet access.
Feel Home Apartment K. Čapka offers accommodation in Karlovy Vary and 22 km from Kurort Oberwiesenthal.
Palace Square is 1.5 km from Roomp Karavannaia, while Hermitage Museum is 1.6 km from the property.
Shuttle services can be arranged for an extra fee.
Guests can enjoy beautiful views of the ocean from the apartment’s balcony.
Guests can also rent bicycles and ski equipment.
The hotel offers a buffet breakfast.
The garden-view rooms are air-conditioned and individually furnished.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Visit Salerno.
Landhaus Frischmuth offers a modern apartment located in Pichl bei Aussee.
A washing machine, cleaning products, bed linen and towels are provided too.
An outdoor pool, sauna and a Turkish bath are available.
The private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Manila International Airport is 24 km away.
Narimanovo Airport is 6 km from the property.
There are numerous shops, restaurants and cafes within 5 minutes’ distance from the property.
Some rooms have private balconies.
The property offers free parking.
Located in the centre of Phnom Penh, Lucky Star Hotel is a 5-minute walk from City Mall.
Plaza de los Rios Shopping Mall is 200 metres from the hotel and Niebla Beach is 15 km away.
The en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities.
A business centre and a complimentary transfer service within 3.2 km are available as well.
Free private parking is available on site.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, luggage storage and dry cleaning.
There are also plenty of bars and restaurants surrounding Belair Beach Hotel.
Free private parking is available on site.
Ensuite bathrooms are included.
The bathroom is private and has a shower.
Other activities include nature walks and fishing.
The nearest airport is Malaga Airport, 22 km from the property.
Tarragona City is 20 minutes’ drive.
Located 4 km from the Royal Palace in Caserta, La Corte offers accommodation in Recale.
The hotel's Courtyard Cafe serves an American breakfast every morning.
The property offers free parking.
Seven Village also includes a barbecue.
Some rooms overlook the landscaped garden.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Kassandra Bay Village is just 800 metres Kriopigi village.
Dating back to the 18th century, Virginia Cottage is located in the heart of Harberton.
At Appartamento Chianurre you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Each unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Slavske is 48 km from the property.
All rooms have bathrobes, hot drinks facilities and a fridge.
Its wooden interior and open fireplace create a charming setting.
On-site parking is free of charge for guests.
The Pierce Arrow Theater and Shoji Tabuchi Theater are nearby the hotel.
You can enjoy garden views from the rooms.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkelling and cycling.
The fully furnished Kanika Sea Forum Apartment No.106 provides a kitchen equipped with electrical appliances.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a ticket service and a tour desk.
Rooms are spacious and decorated with natural materials.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A sweet Italian breakfast is served in the dining room each morning.
Drinks are served in the lounge bar.
Bed linen is available.
Davenport city centre is 21.6 km away.
There is also a bar on site.
A washing machine is also available.
Nantes Atlantique Airport is 31 km away.
Vending machines for drinks are available at the property.
The rooms feature wooden furniture and are decorated in warm colours.
All rooms come with a TV. Some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Foz do Iguaçu Airport is 8 km away.
A restaurant, a café bar and a mini market for the general supplies can be found 200 metres away.
A private bathroom also features in the chalet.
The shared bathrooms are in the hallway.
Cacao Beach is 400 metres from the property.
Towels are featured.
Other facilities include an elevator and a billiard.
Airport shuttle can be arranged upon charge.
The seating areas have a flat-screen TV with a DVD player and satellite channels.
Guests are also welcome to dine on the terrace.
The hotel has a water taxi service making regular journeys to Tulcea.
The property is a great starting point for excursions in Solčavsko region.
Some includes a living room and kitchen complete with stove.
Ironing facilities and a safety deposit box are also provided.
A free continental breakfast is served to guests daily.
An Italian breakfast of croissants and cappuccino is provided daily.
Free parking is available in the garden
There is also an electric kettle.
An outdoor swimming pool surrounded by lounge chairs and shaded tables is featured at Wyndham Garden Lafayette.
You can play billiards at the property, and the area is popular for cycling.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is offered .
The attached bathroom has shower facilities and complimentary toiletries.
It is the only accommodation at the Golden Peak of Wugong Mountain.
Nemo, a science museum for children, is a 2-minute walk from Hotelboat Fiep.
Cordoba International Airport is 40 km away.
A seasonal restaurant and lounge offer on-site dining and drink options.
The seafront is a 3-minute walk from the property.
Hotel Tropico Latino is located in Santa Teresa beach in Nicoya Peninsula.
Free WiFi access is available in all rooms.
The hostel also offers bike hire.
They feature wooden walls and private bathrooms.
Parking is free.
Free WiFi access is available.
It features a hearty breakfast and individually decorated rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Lanin National Park is 1.3 km away.
The thermal spas in Stegersbach, Loipersdorf and Bad Tatzmannsdorf are easily reachable by car.
Airport shuttles can also be arranged.
You can enjoy lake view and mountain view from all the rooms.
Fortune Landmark Hotel is located 5 km from Ahmedabad Station.
There is a grocery shop located 300 metres from the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
Private parking is available on site.
The air-conditioned rooms come with a sofa and a flat-screen TV.
Tri-Valley Inn & Suites include a microwave and refrigerator.
Guests are welcome to relax with a drink in the bar or beer garden.
The 24-hour front desk can help with luggage storage.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests benefit from balcony.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a terrace.
It is set amidst a palm-tree garden and offers rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Half-board options are also available.
Vending machines are conveniently located at the motel.
The beach is just 1.5 km away.
Breakfast can be enjoyed every morning and includes fresh fruit, bread and jam.
Massage is available.
Free private parking is provided.
Koblenz is 50 km away and Frankfurt-Hahn Airport is 35 km away.
The 3-bedroom house features a kitchen including a microwave and fridge.
The beautiful sea views from your balcony provide the perfect setting for Corfu's sunset.
Mountain Amstra Luxury Apartments is self-catering accommodation offering a beautiful view to Tatra Mountains.
The nearest airport is Chania International Airport, 40 km from Myrtia Studio.
Chez Christophe & Nathalie is a self-catering accommodation located in Prémanon.
Extras include bed linen and a fan.
The Gruzinska Bus Stop is 100 metres away.
Free WiFi is available in the common areas.
Guests can benefit from Yavuz Hotel’s 24-hour reception.
Comfortable Apartment City Centre Delft is about 90 m2 .
London Paddington is 24 minutes away by Tube.
A 15-minute drive will take you to Burgas and Burgas Airport.
Airport shuttle service is provided at a surcharge.
The apartments feature fully equipped kitchens, a dining area, a balcony, a coffee table and a fireplace.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Arcos de Valdevez is 6 km away and Ponte de Lima is 18 km away.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 15 km from Apartment On Nevskiy Prospekt 68/3.
A balcony is in select rooms and suites.
It offers a typical Andalusian courtyard and free Wi-Fi throughout.
The nearest airport is Brussels Airport, 11 km from Marc B&B.
It features free internet, a restaurant, and air-conditioned rooms with views of the city.
There’s also a lobby bar serving alcoholic drinks.
It takes 10-minutes to drive to Teluk Kemang Beach and is a 40-minute drive from Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
WiFi access is available at a surcharge.
Guesthouse Mala Luce Stobreč also includes a terrace.
The property also offers free parking.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The property offers free parking.
Hiking paths are scattered throughout the area.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
The 9-hole Ehrwald Golf Course is 500 metres away.
A breakfast buffet is available each morning.
There is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
Shared dormitories at Pop Corn feature come with towels and bed linen.
The kitchenette includes 2 hotplates and an oven.
The apartment will provide you with a satellite TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Gustavo Rojas Pinilla Airport is only a 5-minute drive.
Larger rooms with a desk and spa bath are also available.
You can enjoy city view.
Krakow - Balice Airport is located 58 km away.
A bus stop, 1 km away, will bring you into Chiusi Train Station.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Some units also have a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
Rooms are simple and comfortable and feature a fan and telephone.
Nanmen Bridge is 500 metres from China Blue Inn. Guan Men Kou is 600 metres away.
At an extra cost, bicycles are available for hire at reception.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and shops (on site).
House Elka features free WiFi .
24-hour reception is offered at Oak Tree Inn Alpine.
Some apartments have a private terrace or balcony.
You can enjoy mountain view from the room.
Linen and towels are included in all rooms.
Motorway N-360 is 6 minutes’ by car.
The rooms of Hotel Norwood enjoy a light and airy interior, decorated with wooden furnishings.
The Loipersdorf Thermal is 17 km or a 20-minute drive away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
Private parking spaces are available on site for surcharge.
There is a luggage storage space at the property.
It is located beach front at Extreme Hotels.
The hotel is within an hour’s drive of Ciénaga del Fuerte State Park and the beaches at Tecolutla.
Hiking and mountain biking trails start right on the doorstep.
The hostel features free WiFi throughout the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Activities in the surrounding area include hiking and canoeing.
A washing machine is also provided.
Each unit has a minibar and air conditioning.
The hotel also has a fitness room with a sauna.
Set in a green area, Montenero Resort&Spa is a property built in a mountain style.
On-site parking is free.
Mt. Fernie Provincial Park is 5 km away.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing.
Albuquerque Airport Courtyard is 2.2 miles from the University of New Mexico.
The stylish, air-conditioned dormitory room are decorated with wall paintings and include individual lockers.
All rooms feature a fan and a laptop safe.
Each room features either garden or street view.
Spinola Bay, in San Julian’s is a10-minute walk away.
Illuketia is a 10-minute drive from Galle and 5 km from Unawatuna City Centre.
Saint Bavo Square, which features the Belfry, is less than a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
Complimentary private parking is provided on site.
The building has a great location surrounded by an array of restaurants and shops.
Guests can enjoy the buffet breakfast in the hotel’s dining room or at the outdoor terace.
A Western breakfast is served at the dining room daily at 08:00.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Casa Panella.
Empuriabrava is 15 minutes' drive, while Figueres is 20 km away.
Port Denarau is 10 minutes’ drive away.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this homestay.
There are many restaurants, bars and supermarkets within a 5-minute walk.
Extras include a hairy dryer.
Free parking is available on site.
The Rodeway Inn Bronx Zoo is located 22.7 km to Manhattan.
A minibar and a private bathroom with shower are provided in all units at Varosha Hotel.
Overlooking the Tyrrhenian Sea, this property features a garden with free BBQ facilities.
Free WiFi access is available.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
Guests can relax on a sofa in the lobby and make use of the free Wi-Fi provided in public areas.
Located in Murmansk, this apartment features a balcony with city views.
Hampton Inn Lebanon features an outdoor pool and a fitness center.
All accommodation has elegant furnishings and lovely views of the garden.
A flat-screen cable TV, alarm clock, and coffee machine are standard as well.
Some rooms have a balcony, sofa and a small dining table.
The property offers free WiFi in all areas and a large lagoon-shaped aquamarine pool.
It offers stunning views over the Weaver Hills.
The guest house is 12.5 km from Forte dos Reis Magos and 23.3 km from Genipabu Lagoon.
Country Roads Motor Inn Tooleybuc is 400 metres from the Tooleybuc Sporting Club.
Located on site, the Bistro serves breakfast, dinner, and Starbucks coffee.
On-site barbecue facilities are available for guests to cook out on.
The hotel's in-hour restaurant serves Chinese cuisine from 10:00 to 22:00 hrs daily.
The guest house also offers car hire.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing.
The accommodation is 350 metres from Entença Metro Station, and free Wi-Fi is provided.
A flat-screen TV is available.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a fridge.
Each room is air-conditioned and overlooks the garden.
Bed And Best is set on the third floor of a building on one of Rome's most popular streets.
The rooms of the Lefkara Hotel & Restaurant are equipped with free Wi-Fi and TVs.
Guests can benefit from free WiFi throughout the apartment.
The bright rooms at La Petite Perle Hamburg are furnished in a contemporary style.
Private parking is possible on site.
Additional facilities include a dining area.
There is also a balcony and a ski storage room in winter.
Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad & Museum is 42.2 km from the apartment.
The private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
Free parking is offered.
Each room has access to a shared bath or shower room.
Car and bike rentals can be arranged, as well as laundry services. It features a garden.
They can also play billiards and sing in the karaoke hall.
This Elgin hotel is within a 15-minute drive of the Grand Victoria Casino.
There are also barbecue facilities available at an extra charge.
The property offers free parking.
There is also a garden at the property.
An indoor hot tub and barbecue facilities are available for guest use.
Room service serves a variety of Indian cuisines.
Samui Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
The Camino de Ronda walking path can be accessed from the property.
The Saint George is a 50-minute drive from Messina.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the lobby.
At Totorilla Vichuquen guests will find a garden and a terrace.
It offers self-contained lakefront accommodation with a full kitchen.
The apartment is 11 km from Beaches of South Walton.
A daily breakfast buffet is served in the café.
Rooms come with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Malaga Airport is 38 km from the property.
En suite bathrooms come with a bathtub .
On-site parking is available for an additional fee.
Rooms at the hotel include 37-inch, flat-screen TVs.
At Tiramisu you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
If offers non-smoking accommodation with free Wi-Fi access.
Entertainment is provided every day of the week.
Free parking is available at the property.
Varna Airport is 30 km away.
The property offers free parking.
Getting to Bali Denpasar International Airport will take around 20 minutes by car.
The Museum of History and Art is 10 minutes’ drive away.
Laura Holiday House is 1 km from Piazza della Signoria and Palazzo Vecchio.
Banje Beach is a 10-minute walk away.
Free public parking is available nearby.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Local and western dishes are prepared at the resort’s restaurant.
A 12-minute walk will take you to Barcelona’s La Rambla and Barceloneta Beach is 3 km away.
Riga International Airport is located 14,3 km away.
The beach is 700 metres away.
Spacious rooms have a seating area, a safe and cable TV.
The property offers free parking.
As Sammak sea food restaurant serves fresh specialties.
A sweet, Italian-style breakfast is served at a café nearby.
The nearest airport is Paphos International Airport, 7 km from the property.
This Monticello motel is within 48 miles of Canyonlands National Park.
Free private parking is available on site.
Traditional and international cuisine are served at the restaurant of Strazhite Hotel.
Royal Marina Apartments is located in a complex in the small town of Didim and it is only 1 km from the beach.
Fax and photocopying services are available.
Private rooms come with a balcony, an outdoor seating area and an en suite bathroom.
Free on-site parking is provided.
An oven, a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
It features individually designed rooms and serves a daily hot breakfast.
The ferry harbour is 2 km away.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served as an open buffet at the hotel.
Hotel Aibga can organise car rental or a transfer from Sochi Airport.
All apartments feature free WiFi and some have air conditioning.
Ljubljana Jože Pučnik airport is 89 km away.
Some units have a balcony and/or patio with garden or city views.
This apartment has free WiFi.
There is a communal dining room where guests can enjoy a continental breakfast.
Extras include a safety deposit box.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Bodrum city centre is within 5 km.
Rooms come with a private bathroom.
Maria Fumaça is 2.5 km away.
Each room in Guilin Days Inn Hotel is fitted with a TV and an electric kettle.
The bathroom is shared.
The property offers free parking.
Each room here will provide you with flat-screen satellite TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Brasília Cathedral can be reached within an 8-minute drive.
The nearest ski resort is at Port-Aine, an hour's drive away.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk from the guest house.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas of the B&B and free parking is also available.
Museum and gift shop discounts are available.
All the apartments come with a TV and a kitchen with a microwave.
A fully-equipped kitchen and breakfast area are also provided.
This luxurious property offers a fitness centre, an indoor pool and free WiFi access in the lobby.
Hiking, cycling and skiing paths can be found nearby.
The daily breakfast is served buffet style.
A cash machine is located on site.
Archontiko Dintsiou is a traditional guesthouse located in Siatista in Kozani.
The property offers free parking on the plot.
There is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet.
An airport shuttle is available.
The holiday park also features barbecue facilities for an outdoor lunch.
It includes a satellite flat-screen TV and washing machine.
Limited number of free parking places is available on site.
Some rooms have a balcony.
There is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven.
There is a chocolate factory only 6 km away.
Each is en suite with bath and overhead shower.
The Natters swimming lake is 5 km away.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
Rainò Villa is recommended by a number of guidebooks.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
Joensuu Airport is a 1.5-hour drive from the property.
The smart rooms are colourful and simply furnished.
All rooms include air conditioning and flat-screen satellite TV.
There is a volleyball court and a children’s playground at the property.
Step out, you would find a range of dining places nearby.
A laundromat, a mini-market and a children’s playground are on site.
The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, oven and a tea maker.
It is 4 km from the theme parks of Aquafan and Oltremare.
You can enjoy garden view.
These facilities can be used by guests of the Störtebeker for free.
A breakfast buffet is also served in the mornings.
Rooms are styled in dark coloured wood furnishings and white coloured linens.
The nearest bus station is only 200 metres from the hotel.
After a busy day of sightseeing, you can relax in the shared lounge.
São Martinho Beach is 20 km away while the beaches of Nazaré are 12 km away.
The property is nearby the Palenque Archaeological Zone.
The kitchen has a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
Its rooftop terrace offers scenic views of the Petra Mountains.
That means you can easily explore the island.
There is a seating area and a kitchen.
Maastricht-Aachen Airport is 35 km away.
Guests can relax on the sofa or on the terrace with a garden.
Business facilities can also be provided at a surcharge.
Featuring a garden with a terrace, Czos Apartment is an apartment situated in Mrągowo, 800 metres from Townhall of Mragowo.
The Amakhala Game Reserve hosts an abundance of wild animals and birds.
An oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
It is also possible to eat on the garden terrace in warm weather.
Augsburger Straße Underground Station is just 350 metres from the hostel.
The garden comes with an outdoor pool and children’s playground.
The property features breeding grounds for lynxes and wild birds.
Free WiFi access is available here.
Daily breakfast is served as an open buffet at Hotel Citak.
Private parking is possible on site, and free WiFi is accessible for all guests.
Friedrichstrasse shopping street and the famous Checkpoint Charlie are a 10-minute walk away.
Rooms feature flat-screen TVs with DVD players and minibars.
Some accommodation types are split-level with a seating area and 2 bathrooms.
A scrumptious breakfast buffet is provided, as well as an extensive à la carte menu for lunch and dinner.
This Carthage, Texas hotel is 1.6 miles from the Texas Country Music Hall of Fame.
Terry Hills Golf Course is 4 miles from the Holiday Inn.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property.
Free public parking can be found on site.
Rooms are fitted with flat-screen cable TVs and include minibars and seating areas.
The nearest airport is Ben Gurion Airport, 13 km from the property.
Brescia Train Station is a 10-minute taxi ride from the property.
Salt Lake City International Airport is 25 minutes’ drive from the holiday home.
All rooms have a TV. Guest house on Druzhby 8a features free WiFi .
Some rooms offer a large terrace with mountain or sea views.
Imperial Palace is a 10-minute train ride away.
Within 500 metres, guests can find stores, restaurants and bars.
The famous Psarou Beach with its beach bars is just 60 metres away.
The property is located in the Andalusian countryside, 5 km from Archidona.
Shuttle service to and from the airport and the train station is available for surcharge.
A dishwasher, a microwave and a refrigerator can be found in the kitchen.
Kitchen area comes with a microwave, an electric kettle and a refrigerator.
There is also a bar and a 24-hour reception with luggage storage.
The property offers free parking.
There is a wide choice of restaurants and bars.
Public parking spaces are available nearby free of charge.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Concierge services and free usage of computers can be found at the lobby.
There is a fully equipped kitchen present that includes a dishwasher and a microwave.
The apartment features free Wi-Fi, a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen.
All accommodation features air conditioning, free Wi-Fi, kitchen facilities and a terrace with sea views.
Highland Lake Inn's on-site restaurant, Season’s, offers internationally-inspired cuisine in a fine dining atmosphere.
A hot breakfast is provided at the Prikamie.
Philadelphia Museum of Art is 6 minutes’ drive.
Access to a sauna and solarium are available to guests.
Café Nordurfjördur is a 2-minute drive away.
Sir Ramgoolam International Airport is about an hour away.
Guests can request a homemade meal on site.
Guest house on Rostovskaya features free WiFi throughout the property.
The private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The restaurant offers typical Val d'Aosta dishes at lunch and dinner.
It includes a bistro and butcher's on site.
The Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area is 23-miles away.
The private bathroom includes a shower and hairdryer.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and a hair dryer.
Pike Place Market and Pioneer Square are within 10 minutes’ drive away from this motel.
The apartment has a TV and air conditioning.
Underground and S-Bahn trains are within a 10-minute walk.
Guests can choose between private rooms and shared dormitories at Albergue Jaca.
Featuring a shower, shared bathrooms also come with a bath and a bath or shower.
The living room includes a TV and a sofa bed.
Free parking is available nearby and there is easy access to the A8 Motorway.
It features an in-house gym, a spa with sauna and massage treatments.
Panadura City is 3 km away and Bandaranaike International Airport is 60 km away.
Tenerife Norte Airport is 8 km away.
A continental breakfast is provided at this Spanish-style hotel.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony with mountain views.
The modern rooms and apartments are equipped with bright wooden furniture.
Every room is equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Many trekking trails start from the hotel.
It takes 20 minutes to reach the hotel by car from Ngurah Rai International Airport.
Shops, supermarkets and restaurants can be found 350 metres from the property.
This beachfront villa offers a terrace and barbecue facilities.
You can find bars, restaurants and supermarkets within 2.5 km from the property.
There is a shared lounge, where guests can relax.
National Theatre of Opera and Ballet can be found within 1.5 km.
Other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
You can play billiards at the property, and bike hire and car hire are available.
Vincent is a self-catering apartment that offers free WiFi in all areas.
Edinburgh’s main shopping street, Princes Street, is less than 10 minutes’ walk away.
Rooms at Harbour Hostel have access to shared bathrooms and a communal kitchen.
There is a balcony and a bathroom with a shower.
Conveniently located in Elazig, Hotel Varan offers simply decorated rooms.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The restaurant cooks with fresh, local ingredients.
Guests staying at Francisco are 2.2 km from the Golf Country Club and 9.3 km from La Libertad Refinery.
Facilities offered at the property include a nightclub, a shared lounge and a children's playground.
Breakfast is served in the dining room and it can be taken on the terrace during summer.
The on-site Hycesia restaurant specialises in local cuisine for lunch and dinner.
Guests can practice a range of activities in the area including windsurfing, golf and cycling.
Wi-Fi is free.
Some suites include a separate bedroom and a living area with a sofa.
This 4-bedroom house offers a deck and garden area with magnificent sea views.
Rooms feature a garden view and charming furnishings.
Gray Hotel features a night club and a bar.
There are also local dining options within 100 metres from Sunrise Village.
Dobrota is 7 km away while Tivat is 14 km from the Residence Portofino.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
Some are located just a 5-minute walk from Diocletian’s Palace.
There are also nearby golf and tennis facilities.
The Colosseo Residence is situated in the centre of Kosice.
Aromatherapy bathroom amenities, bathrobes and slippers are provided.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Start the day with breakfast in the garden.
Kodak Theatre is 2.7 km away from this apartment.
The en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a bathtub.
The hotel is a 5-minute walk from the Plaza Mayor and the Royal Palace.
Free WiFi access is available in this farm stay.
Free private parking is available on site.
It features a private beach. Free Wi-Fi is included in all rooms.
All units feature a seating area.
Free WiFi is available .
The hotel has a shared lounge area with a TV.
The inn is 300 metres from Ruthin Castle and 3.1 km from Tomen y Rhodwydd Castle.
Reservations are recommended.
The hotel also offers bike hire and car hire.
The two bedrooms have double beds and in the living room there are two sleep capacities.
Bed linen is featured.
Car parking is available on site, and security-controlled access is available to most apartments.
Balangan Beach is 6 km from The Poh Jimbaran.
The unit is a few steps from Labyrinth -Musical Workshop, and guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
A welcome drink, bed linen and a city map are provided free of charge.
The Skenderbeg Square, the main square of Priština, is 800 metres from Hotel Real.
Mukda Place is 800 metre from the hot springs and 900 metres from a local market.
Located in Induruwa, this villa is 29 km from Hikkaduwa.
Babie Lato is 400 metres from the Okuninka bus stop.
Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport is 90 km away.
A washing machine is also available.
Galeao International Airport is 10 km away.
Manas International Airport is 24 km from the property.
The classic-style rooms come with parquet floors and wooden furnishings.
The air-conditioned apartment includes a rooftop terrace.
Mar del Plata bus station is 3 km from Hotel Edelweiss.
A 3G USB internet adaptor can be used free of charge for wireless internet access.
The air-conditioned rooms feature a TV and a fridge.
A buffet breakfast is available, while the restaurant serves Italian cuisine at dinner.
All units feature a flat-screen TV. There is also a kitchen, equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
The property comprises 4 bedrooms, each with a private bathroom with a shower.
The basement includes a wine cellar with Italian wines.
Enseada Rio Hostel is located 200 metres from Botafogo Subway Station and 4 km from Copacabana.
Křemešník Ski Area is reachable in 11 km.
Cable TV and an en suite bathroom are included.
A launderette offers both self-serve and drop-off options.
The hotel is 4 km from Viveiro ́s Old Town.
Drinks and light refreshments can be enjoyed at AK's Lounge.
Free private parking is available at the Windfelder am See.
Free private parking is possible.
Activities in the area include hiking, cycling, and skiing.
Adler-Sochi International Airport is 24 km from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Refreshing drinks are also available in the lounge bar.
Free WiFi is provided in the entire building.
Located in Lisbon, this apartment features free WiFi. Guests benefit from terrace.
Pensión Boutique Caravan Cinema is located in Bilbao.
Les Chalets d'Adelphine II are decorated in a contemporary style.
The private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
Other dishes include cold meats, cereal, jam and a selection of hot and cold drinks.
This holiday home offers a furnished terrace with mountain and sea views.
The city of Venlo is a 10-minute drive from the apartment.
In-house Prudhvi restaurant serves local, Indian and Chinese fare.
Offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, Djibson Hotels is located in Cotonou.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
The property serves daily breakfast.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and bidet.
It also provides a buffet breakfast daily.
The simple rooms come with a fan and flat-screen TV.
Other facilities at Casa sul Mare include a terrace.
Some rooms face Florence Cathedral or the Medici Chapels.
You can engage in various activities, such as skiing, golfing and horse riding.
Towels are also featured.
This holiday home is 22 km from Biarritz - Anglet - Bayonne Airport.
Cable TV is offered in every room at Old Kentucky Home Motel, along with a coffee machine.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
Ngurah Rai International Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
There are two bathrooms with a bath tub or a shower.
It offers cosy rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Linen and towels are included.
The bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet.
Services include an outdoor pool and terrace, business centre and free Wi-Fi.
Shopping at Mesa Mall is a 10 minute walk from the hotel.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the Somlyó Hill Viewpoint 1 km away, or the Annagora Aquapark within 11 km.
Each room here will provide you with a satellite TV and a DVD player.
A flat-screen TV and a DVD player are available in all units.
Longbai Xincun metro station (line 10) is a 5-minute walk away.
A launderette is available to all guests at Sunlac Inn Lakota. Vending machines with drinks are also available.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony with garden views.
Meals can be enjoyed indoors or in the terrace.
Take a cycle tour or a boat trip along the nearby River Moselle.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided.
The 24-hour staff offers room service.
The property is 2 km from Kemer Marina.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
The kitchen is equipped with a ceramic hob.
With a private bathroom, the air-conditioned rooms have parquet floors.
CasaZen is located 2.6 km from Taipu de Fora Beach.
Guests can play table tennis and use a ski storage room.
A buffet breakfast is provided in the morning.
At Aquatica Water Theme Park & Resort you will find a garden.
The kitchen is equipped with refrigerator, coffee brewer and cooking facilities.
Poza Rica is an hour’s drive away.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom.
Ladies Beach is 1.4 km from SunRise Hotel, while Kusadasi Grand Bazaar is 500 metres from the property.
Modern décor and hardwood flooring feature throughout the guest rooms at Ibis Dongguan Dongcheng.
Guests have access to a free outdoor swimming pool.
There is also a small swimming pool for children.
At Hotel Rajashree Palace you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace.
All units include a kitchen fitted with a fridge and stovetop.
On-site private parking is available for guests arriving by car.
Mini-Hotel Silver features free WiFi .
Some rooms feature views of Rock Creek.
At Ergo Hotel you will find a mini-mart, currency exchange and business centre.
Ski storage facilities are available.
Mini Camping 't Zeeuws Knoopje is located in Aagtekerke and it has free WiFi access available in this farm stay.
A flat-screen TV is available.
There is a buffet restaurant and a snack bar on site.
It also includes a complete bathroom and a garden with outdoor barbecue facilities.
Rooms at the hotel come with choices of a fan or air-conditioning. There is a cable TV and an en suite bathroom in each room.
Various shops and restaurants are located nearby.
Every room at Norilchanka is decorated in a classic style and has a fridge.
The apartment is 3.9 km from Stary Arbat Street.
All rooms come with air conditioning, a TV and an electric kettle.
Room service is available.
Shower facilities and a hairdryer are included in its private bathroom.
Via Mazzini is 1.2 km from A casa di Giulia B&B, while Piazza Bra is 1.3 km from the property.
The kitchen features a stove, fridge, microwave and kitchenware.
All rooms feature a fireplace.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the entire hotel.
The famous Temple Bar is a 30-minute walk away.
A varied daily breakfast is served every day.
Free WiFi is available throughout the hotel.
Two bathrooms are available being one of them ensuite.
The nearest restaurant is just 100 metres away.
Liberty Theater is less than 5 minutes’ drive from the Holiday Inn Express.
Anggrek Restaurant serves European dishes and award-winning Indonesian cuisine.
They all offer parquet floors and elegant, contemporary-style furnishings.
The resort is also a 5-minute ride from Fairways and Bluewater Golf and Country Club.
The bathroom offers a shower and toilet.
The village of Vignacastrisi di Ortelle is 700 metres away.
The property offers free parking and free shuttle to the airport.
During winter, you can also relax in the winter garden.
Thyme restaurant serves a selection of contemporary dishes freshly prepared daily.
Gdańsk’s city centre is 6 km away from apartment.
Towels are provided.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this farm stay. Horse-riding is possible on site.
A continental breakfast can be enjoyed every morning.
Children are entertained at the children’s pool, the playground and the mini club.
Currency exchange and babysitting services are also available.
A washing machine and dryer can be used for an additional charge.
It offers BBQ facilities and free WiFi in all public areas.
Each room at the Sheridan Inn provides a microwave and a refrigerator.
Phuket Airport is located 15 km from the property.
The A114 motorway is less than a 10-minute drive from Pension Haus Bielke.
There is a large seating area with a dining table and a work desk.
Il Vecchio Marsala features free WiFi throughout the property.
Maisonettes and apartments also feature furnished balconies and a sitting area with fireplace.
Featuring a fireplace, the cosy living room comes with a sofa and TV. There is also a dining area.
You can hire a car from reception.
You can benefit from the contracted beach area, 250 metres away.
Yokohama Marine Tower is 1.9 km from Gran Customa Isezakicho, while Sankeien is 3.9 km from the property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Selkirk Lodge has 2 restaurants.
Pre-packaged breakfast items are at guests' disposal in the room.
Hotel Times’ Budget provides an elevator for convenience.
The rooms at Hotel Boutique Chocolate have a modern décor with chocolate-colour motives and accessories.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
Free parking is available at the Designhotel.
For rainy days or quiet times there is a spacious lounge with plush sofas and a small library.
A sweet and savoury breakfast is offered daily.
Alicante Airport is located 72 km away.
It offers spa facilities, a Russian banya, free access to a hydromassage indoor pool, as well as a sauna.
Guests can enjoy free sauna access and free Wi-Fi internet connection.
The master bedroom suite comes with a spa bathroom and a walk-in closet.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bathrobe.
Hostel Lotos offers accommodation in Novoshakhtinsk.
The hotel has a gym and sauna.
The lodge is located 50 km from Tanga Airport.
At Apartments in British Resort you will find a garden and a bar. The property offers free parking.
All guests are welcomed with fresh fruit.
There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a microwave. A fridge and coffee machine are also available.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
The hotel offers laundry services. Car rental is available upon request.
Free WiFi access is provided.
Every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is fitted with a TV with cable channels.
Other services include a currency exchange, ticketing and car rentals.
The lively Nat Market and Boeung Chhouk Market are also a 10-minute drive away.
It is a 40-minute bus and ferry ride from Bora Bora Airport.
The shared bathroom offers shower facility.
Relaxation facilities include an outdoor pool and several hammocks.
The kitchen comes with a microwave.
Original creations can also be found on the menu.
Complete with a dishwasher, the kitchen also has an oven and a refrigerator.
Troll Ski Resort is 45 km from Airport Inn Motel & RV Park.
Free private car and boat parking is available on site.
Breakfast is included in the rate and the property features a green garden.
The resort also offers bike hire and car hire.
Palma Cathedral and the port are a 10-minute walk.
A shuttle service to/from Fiumicino International Airport can be arranged on request.
Restaurants, grocers and bars can be found within a walking distance.
Bikes can be rented for free.
It features barbecue facilities in its lush garden.
There is also a mini club for children over 3 years.
A seating area and a dining area are also available.
Other facilities at Soltróia Rio Apartment include an outdoor pool.
Rooms are tastefully furnished and bright.
Free private parking is available on site.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Free public parking is available.
Melbourne can be reached within 1.5 hours by car.
Temporary Home Arco della Pace is 5 minutes’ walk from the Corso Sempione area.
Some have a private bathroom.
Incheon International Airport is an 85-minute drive away.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
The shared bathroom comes with a bath tub, shower, and hairdryer.
Salgado Filho International Airport is located 12 km from the accommodation.
They include a private bathroom and flat-screen TV.
Alsonso Lopez airport is 2 km from the property.
Each air-conditioned room here will provide you with tile/marble flooring.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
It features shared kitchen facilities.
Fascene Airport is 15 km away.
Tivat Airport is located 44 km from Apart Hotel Semashko.
All rooms are fitted with cable TV, a minibar and a furnished balcony.
Other facilities at Portuguese Living Chiado One include a terrace.
Relax, regenerate, and enjoy a fine stay.
Tbilisi International Airport is 17 km from Old City.
The hotel restaurant serves buffet meals, with local and international dishes.
The nearest airport is Geneva International Airport, 74 km from Chalet Rayon de Soleil.
Kuopio Airport is a 55-minute drive away.
Free parking is possible nearby.
The property offers free parking.
Towels are offered.
You will find a gift shop at the property.
A hot continental breakfast is served daily at the Airport Comfort Suites.
The Moorerlebnisroute marshland cycling route runs right past the apartments.
WiFi access is available in the apartment, free of charge for guests.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Guests are offered a private parking.
A garden and free bikes are provided.
On-site parking is provided free of charge.
The nearest airport is Reno-Tahoe International Airport, 69 km from the property.
Lugo is 33 km away.
Each room is air conditioned and features a balcony and TV.
Chole Foxes Lodge also includes a sun terrace.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
Offering a barbecue and views of the sea, Apartments Drlja is situated in Primošten in the Sibenik-Knin County Region.
Enjoy a cup of coffee or tea from your terrace or balcony.
Offering a restaurant, Big Sky Lodge is located in Crochu, with the popular Cabier Beach within a 15-minute walk.
The rooms have a flat-screen TV.
Sao Lazaro Apartments is set in Lisbon, 600 metres from Rossio.
The Majestic Restaurant serves Indian and International cuisine.
Rooms are fitted with free wired internet.
Suzuka Circuit is a 25-minute drive away.
Visp is 27 km away.
Laundry and concierge services are also available.
Free parking is available on site.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
Free WiFi is available in all rooms.
Guests can enjoy their drink by the pool or the hot tub.
Some have a balcony.
Barvikha Hills Luxury also includes a sauna and sun terrace.
The property offers free parking.
Black Horse and Walthamstow Railway Stations are a 5-minute drive from the Albert.
A buffet restaurant offering ranch style cuisine is available at Stagecoach Trails Guest Ranch.
Guest rooms provide desks and safety deposit boxes.
Staff at the guest house can provide information about the city and La Rioja region.
The hotel features a 24-hour front desk and swimming pool.
Tickets are available on site.
The private beach has a bar and a seating area.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Apartment on Novgorodskaya 31.
The rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
It boasts a bar and restaurant and provides free Wi-Fi and free parking.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
Live piano music is played every 2 weeks.
Grand Hotel is located 5 blocks from Catamarca ́s Main Square and 22 km from the airport.
Free on-site parking is provided for guests who drive.
It features an extensive garden, a terrace and free Wi-Fi throughout.
The Spanish Steps are 900 metres from the guest house.
Rabac is 42 km from Apartments Azur, while Baška is 26 km away.
Restaurants and bars can be found just 0.2 miles away.
University Area Hampton Inn serves a hot breakfast every morning.
Breakfast includes cappuccino, croissants, cheese and ham.
There is also an electric kettle.
Free WiFi access is available.
Wine Museum is at a distance of 1.7 km and Larnaca International Airport is located 55 km away.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The nearest airport is Palma de Mallorca Airport, 48 km from Holiday Home Calle Rotonda de Aucunada.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
The nearest airport is London Southend Airport, 35 km from Homely Holidays Martello Beach Holiday Park.
Free WiFi is available in all the private and dormitory-style rooms.
Sunak Cave Boutique is within walking distance from Urgup town centre.
Guests can request for a massage or make use of the business centre’s facilities at the hotel.
All guests can enjoy free entry to the nearby Palau Güell.
The apartment features a patio with seats.
The inn also offers bike hire.
The shops can be found in the centre of Harrachov.
The centre of Blagoevgrad and the AUBG American University are reachable in 500 metres from Hotel Bor.
The house features a living room and a dining area.
Dusseldorf can be reached in less than 90 minutes by car.
A bar, a pub and a supermarket also feature on site.
At Shahbaaz Group of Houseboats you will find a garden and a shared kitchen.
Cafe De Bu serves Thai cuisine for breakfast and lunch.
Luggage storage is offered and the hotel has a tour desk.
A buffet breakfast can be purchased, and is provided on the terrace.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Tulle Train Station is a 30-minute drive away.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible in all areas.
Wi-Fi internet access is free throughout the hotel.
The property offers free parking.
It is just opposite Tua Pek Kong Temple and offers free WiFi.
Private bathrooms also come with a bath.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant, followed by a drink at the bar.
Popular activities in the area include hiking and fishing.
Mont Sutton and Mont Bromont, about 20 km away, are popular ski destinations.
The restaurant serves local dishes. It also has an international menu for guests’ convenience.
Ian Fleming International Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
All chalets have a self-contained kitchen with an oven and a microwave.
The property offers free parking.
Guests benefit from a restaurant and lounge café.
Each room offers both air-conditioning and heating facilities.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Free laundry and free bike storage are featured.
Free WiFi and free private parking is available on site.
Situated in Sudak, 48 km from Alushta, Guest House in District Asret is surrounded by the forest and the mountains.
A daily continental breakfast can be enjoyed for an extra fee.
The kitchenette is equipped with an oven and a fridge.
Select suites include a full kitchen.
It is within a 10-minute walk from at least 3 dining options.
Innsbruck Airport is 12 km away.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
This family-run guest house offers a garden, terrace and 24-hour front desk service.
The Art Deco District on Ocean Drive is 6 minutes’ walk from the property.
It offers accommodation with balcony and free Wi-Fi, plus a garden pool.
Guests can relax on the sun terrace and in the lounge featuring a tiled stove.
Cable TV is included in every simply decorated guestroom of this White hotel.
Swimming is possible in the pond 300 metres from the building.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 6 km from Easy Villa.
A grocery shop is set 500 metres away. The centre of Ohrid is located 7 km away.
Wine tastings can be organized upon a request in the on-site wine cellar.
Guests can prepare meals in the Friends Hostel’s cheerful kitchen.
Guests are invited to prepare their own home-cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with microwave oven.
The Eden has a terrace with a seating area.
It features a bar, 24-hour reception desk and free Wi-Fi.
You can enjoy city view and river view from all the rooms.
The Corona offers a buffet breakfast daily, including sweet and savoury products.
There is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
Certain units have a seating area for your convenience. The rooms include a private bathroom.
Free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
A separate ski storage room is available on site.
Free WiFi is featured .
The rooms are decorated in classic style and are all air-conditioned.
Free WiFi access and free private parking are also available.
Kafe Umbulan serves a variety of Indonesian and international dishes.
The interior has basic furnishings.
You can engage in various activities, such as skiing and golfing.
Featuring a bath or shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
There are plenty of shops, cafes and restaurants nearby.
Laundry service is provided as well.
There are also free parking spaces and an underground garage available for guests.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in each unit.
It is easily accessible from Dayuan River and Laozhai Hill.
Various restaurants and cafés are nearby.
Guests may cook their own meals in the kitchen at their disposal.
Relaxation facilities at Anapa Lazurnaya include the sauna and the swimming pool with a sun terrace and loungers.
Omaha is 34 miles away.
Each unit at Dina Mariner City Appartement features a bathroom and a hairdryer.
Each air-conditioned room features a cable TV with satellite channels.
Istanbul Ataturk Airport is 18.4 km from the property.
Al Manaf’s restaurant serves a variety of international cuisines.
Hortus Botanicus’ botanical garden is a 10-minute walk.
Luggage storage is available at the 24-hour front desk.
Offering a restaurant and a private beach area, Agnes Lodge is located in Munda.
All rooms have work desks, coffee makers and a TV.
The Cairngorms National Park is 1 hour away by car.
Free public parking is also possible at a location nearby.
The bathroom is private and has shower.
It is a 2-hour drive from Kaohsiung International Airport.
Free WiFi access is available in this holiday home.
Free WiFi is available.
The apartment has a kitchen, equipped with everything you need to cook a meal.
Viva Maria Apartments are located 3 km from central Zakopane.
A free shuttle serve to locations within 5 miles is provided for guests of the Westin Memorial City Houston.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 33 km from the property.
Guests have the possibility to park their car in a garage upon request.
Drinks from the bar can be enjoyed on the terrace, which affords city views.
Free transfers from the Zermatt Train Station are offered.
Hairdryers are available at the reception upon request and free of charge.
The King Arthur Suite offers wheelchair access.
You will find shops, bars, and restaurants, within a 10-minute walk of the apartment.
The nearest airport is Newcastle International Airport, 63 km from Northaven.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bidet.
The Republic Square is 150 metres from the hotel.
Guests can relax in the free sun loungers by the swimming pool with a drink from the bar.
Within 6.5 km shops and restaurants can be found.
The apartments are built from stone. They enjoy a superb view of the hills and coastline.
A continental breakfast is served every morning.
Miss Luisa serves a varied breakfast, which can be enjoyed in the garden during the summer.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with a microwave. A refrigerator is also offered, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Car rental and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the on-site tour desk.
Featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with bathrobes.
The property also offers special diet menus.
Apartamentos Vía Verde del Aceite offer free private parking and an outdoor swimming pool.
The property offers free parking.
Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and a DVD player.
Free private parking is provided on site.
The nearest airport is Lombok International Airport, 49 km from Captain Coconuts Gili Air.
Some rooms enjoy lake views while others overlook the garden.
Maastricht is a 25-minute drive from Hotel Kreutzer.
Hot shower facility is included in the private bathroom.
Each unit features a private bathroom with slippers.
Soekarno-Hatta International Airport is a 30-minute drive from the hotel.
Parking near the property is free.
There is a shared bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
Other facilities include a TV room.
At Hotel Tulum Iguanas you will find a garden and a terrace.
Free Wi-Fi is included.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The property also offers free parking.
Podgorica Airport is 29 km from the property.
A take-away breakfast is available.
It offers free Wi-Fi and apartments with air conditioning and modern furnishings.
Pula Airport is located 9 km away.
The nearest airport is Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport, 18 km from the property.
Parque do Ingá park is 2 km from Hotel Cidade Verde.
A hairdryer is also provided in the rooms.
The College of Central Florida is also 15 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
Set in the peaceful Qingshiling Village, Beijing Baihewan Shengwang Farmstay offers orderly arranged guestrooms.
The hotel provides freshly served breakfast daily.
It offers free Wi-Fi and a restaurant serving Swiss cuisine in the evenings.
The Pleasurewood Hills Theme Park is around 10 minutes’ drive away.
Free WiFi is available in the rooms.
For those who drive, free parking is provided.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and barbecue facilities.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Guests can work out at the fitness centre during their stay.
Free bikes are available to explore the surroundings.
It features an ice-cream parlour and a shaded terrace overlooking the harbour.
The Hotel Residence also features a bar and a storage room for your skis.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The accommodation will provide you with a seating area and TV. The bathroom has a shower.
Vänersborg city centre is a 7-minute drive from the hotel.
Free private parking is available on site.
A shared kitchen is also available, as well as a terrace where breakfast is served during summer.
The property has a restaurant done in shades of grey, offering various meals every day.
Towels are featured.
In the summertime, guess can dine on the hotel's terrace which has views of the Moselle River.
Each also comes with an outdoor seating area with tables and chairs.
The private bathrooms come with a shower.
Starlight Haadrin Resort is a 30-minute drive from Thong Sala Pier.
There is room service at the property.
Kum Butik Hotel has a garden and a shared lounge.
Tarragona is 1 hour by car.
The unit is fitted with a kitchenette.
All units share bathroom facilities.
Located in Jasper National Park, this property offers a guest suite furnished with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Timbavati Wildlife Park is 4 km from away.
Free parking is possible on site.
Cardiff's St Davids 2 Shopping Centre is a 5-minute walk away.
Canberra International Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage and a children's playground.
A fitness room overlooks the indoor pool at Mont-Laurier Best Western Plus.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Some rooms include a terrace.
A pick-up service is available against a surcharge.
The scenic centre of Opatija can be reached within 5 km.
Please note: limited number of parking spaces.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
They feature cable TV and a private bathroom.
Each of the guestrooms is equipped with stylish Brazilian furniture, a minibar and air conditioning.
Marina di Campo Airport is located 15 km from the property.
Towels are provided.
Each air-conditioned room features a small refrigerator and tea/coffee making facilities.
The beaches of Pozzallo are a 15-minute drive from this holiday home.
Some come with a balcony and all have views of the shared garden.
This studio apartment offers a private terrace.
Liberia International Airport is 67 km away.
Towels are featured.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV and a seating area. There is also an electric kettle.
It is 3 km from Girnar Mountain.
Odessa-Port Train Station is 2 km away, while Odessa Airport is 10 km away.
The nearest airport is Arturo Merino Benitez Airport, 80 km from San Alfonso del Mar.
The State Museum is 600 metres away, while Lake Pátzcuaro is 4 km away.
Beijing Railway Station is a 20-minute drive away.
Guests can relax and tan in the garden.
Basel is a 45-minute drive from Hotel Restaurant Bahnhof Felsenau and free private parking is available on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
Luggage storage and a vending machine are available for guests' convenience.
In the morning, a varied buffet breakfast is served.
The restaurant offers local and international dishes.
Within 6.1 km you can find shops and restaurants.
Bayern Hof features free WiFi throughout the property.
The bed and breakfast offers free WiFi access.
Laundry and ironing services are offered.
There is a private bathroom with a hot tub and bath.
The city centre is at 2 km distance and Schiphol Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
Each room here provides guests with a TV, air conditioning, and a private bathroom with a shower.
The cosy atmosphere makes the rooms a quiet place to sleep or relax in.
At Rome Motel, guests have access to a 24-hour reception.
You will find a coffee machine in the room. A flat-screen TV is featured.
A shuttle service for a fee is available.
Rooms are also air conditioned, and have a work desk and en suite bathroom with a hairdryer.
At VITS Shalimar Hotel you will find a garden and a terrace.
Honda Bay is just 3 km from the resort.
Bed linen and towels are included.
You can store your luggage for free and make use of the safety deposit boxes for free as well.
Odessa International Airport is 7 km from Roof Hostel.
The rooms at Hotel Aneto feature tiled floors and simple décor.
Capital International Airport is about 25 minutes’ drive away.
The area is popular for golfing and snorkelling.
You also have access to a washing machine and clothes dryer.
A 3-minute walk will take you to the sandy Baltic Sea beach.
Krasnodar International Airport is 1590 km away.
Adler-Sochi International Airport is 40 km away.
Some boast views of Lake Garda.
Free WiFi is available.
Suites have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The guest house is within walking distance of several restaurants and tapas bars.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in all rooms.
Traditional guest rooms offer free Wi-Fi and a cable TV.
The private bathrooms have a hairdryer.
Other facilities at Casa Empuriabrava include a barbecue.
A 4-course breakfast is available and is served daily from 8:00 am to 9:30 am.
An airport shuttle is available on request.
City centre can be reached in 15 minutes with public transportation.
Dry cleaning and laundry services are available.
An airport shuttle is available upon request.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
The stop of the free ski bus is in front of the building.
It has beautiful see views, situated on a lovely nature plot and can accommodate up to six persons.
Free private parking is available on site at Pension Arkade.
Some rooms have a partial sea view.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Bielsko-Biała Railway Station is within 8 km.
The nearest airport is Paris - Orly Airport, 17 km from Turgot.
Continental breakfast is served in the morning.
A number of eateries and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk from The Casa Vela Charm.
Prague National Museum is 500 metres from the property.
The Hotel also offers a free shuttle service.
A fitness room with a hot tub is available.
Each simply decorated room is equipped with air conditioning and an en suite bathroom.
Cross country skiing trails start right next to the property.
It offers modern rooms with free WiFi, 2 restaurants and free parking.
Free WiFi access is available.
It features an outdoor pool and a hot tub as well as free WiFi and air conditioning.
Lake Geneva and Nyon are both an 8-minute drive away.
With on-site spa services, a state-of-the-art business centre and a children's club, there is something for everyone.
Holiday home Fyrmarken Hvide Sande III is located in Hvide Sande.
The centre of Kaprun is only a few minutes‘ walk away from Active by Leitner’s.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport is 30 km away.
Rooms come with a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Some units also have a kitchen, equipped with a microwave and fridge.
At The Pleasant Villa, guests can indulge in massage treatments or relax with a drink at the sun deck.
The resort also provides car hire services and free parking.
Breakfast is served every morning.
Guests will be 5 km from the Governors mansion.
Nearby national parks include Gran Paradiso and Mont Avic.
Car rentals are available, and shuttle services can be arranged. Other services include laundry and ironing services.
The nearest airport is Schiphol Airport, 16 km from the property.
The Etna Regional Park is 30 km from Le Case di Seba.
Each is air-conditioned and simply furnished.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee brewer and a microwave.
It is 15 minutes’ drive from Gulfarium Marine Adventure Park.
It offers free Wi-Fi and private parking.
Restaurants and pubs can be found within a 5-minute walk from the motel.
All rooms at the Grand Vista Hotel have free cable TV and Wi-Fi.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
Free WiFi access is available.
Free covered or outdoor parking is available.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Lingering Garden is 6 km away and Tiger Hill is 7.7 km away.
In the summer guests can enjoy dinner and drinks on the terrace by the pool.
The Monte Argentario peninsula is a 1-hour drive away.
Destinations on the cruise include Soi Sim Beach or Titop Beach, where guests can go swimming.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
The homestay also offers car hire.
All rooms are non-smoking.
Apartments Matešič is located in Sečovlje, 4 km from Portorož.
They are also equipped with an LCD TV, electric kettle and private bathroom with bath and shower.
The property is 5 km from the Old Town and the sea.
Rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with a cable TV, clothes rack and a telephone.
A convenience store is located in the lobby.
It features an outdoor swimming pool with a sun terrace.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Santa Sofia is a 15-minute drive from Pini Hotel.
They are equipped with air conditioning, a minibar, and a private bathroom.
Guests can enjoy pool view and garden view from the rooms.
Some rooms provide a sofa in the seating area, and a bathtub in the attached bathroom.
A bar is open 24 hours a day.
18 Plus serves alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.
Free private parking is available on site.
The property is just 500 metres from the Kaleto Fortress and a 10-minute walk from the town centre.
Designed for adults only, this love hotel is situated in Sakai, 12 km from Osaka.
Activities in the surrounding area include horse riding, fishing and hiking.
You will find a gift shop at the property.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom is complete with a hairdryer.
The nearest city, Oksbøl, is 6 km away.
Sea N' Rent - Shimon HaTzadik 6/2 features views of the city and is 1.5 km from Independence Hall Museum.
You will find a kettle in the room. Every room is fitted with a shared bathroom.
Rovaniemi Airport is 8 km away.
Isafjordur is 22 km away.
Tickets for the Europa Park can be purchased from the Hirsch.
The hotel has a bar and 2 restaurants serving regional and French cuisine.
A ski storage and bike storage is available at the property.
Blaze Rock Retreat also includes a terrace.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Shops and restaurants can be found in 500 m from the property.
Other services such as car hire, bicycle rentals and shuttle services can all be arranged.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
All rooms offer a modern interior.
Downtown Toronto is 35 km from the hotel.
Guests can relax in the Russian bath and in the Turkish bath with hot tub.
The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is 3.1 km away.
For your comfort, you will find slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
24-hour front desk service is provided.
The accommodation is air conditioned and is equipped with a TV.
A garden is open to guests of Quamichan Inn – Duncan.
Both Whitelake Park and Puskawa National Park are within an hours’ drive.
Most rooms have a balcony with mountain views.
The 67 m2 apartment has 2 bedrooms and a living room.
Forte dei Marmi is a 35-minute drive from the property.
Drinks and snacks can be purchased from vending machines.
Clermont-Ferrand Auvergne Airport is 27 km away.
There is a children’s playground and a skatepark on site.
Free parking is possible on site.
Baylys Beach Holiday Park also offers quad bike hires.
At Casale Sambuceto Country House you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
It offers outdoor furniture and BBQ facilities.
They also feature pool and garden views.
This holiday home is 15 km from Kurumoch International Airport.
Laundry and concierge services are also available.
Some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Universal Studios is 23 minutes’ drive away.
This hotel offers a convenience store and provides free Wi-Fi in every room.
It offers a free daily breakfast and free Wi-Fi access.
Rip Mountain is 5 km away.
At Yog Palace Shirdi, guests can request for luggage storage and car rental services.
Several dining options can be found within 5 km.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
There is also a spacious yoga deck.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The kitchen is equipped with a fridge, microwave and washing machine.
Each room has a TV.
Guests also have access to a lounge, a bar, and a fitness centre.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV and a wardrobe.
There is a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
The property offers an outdoor pool and free parking.
The closest store and restaurant can be found within 50 metres from the Ela’s apartment.
Moscow Point - Loft Red Square offers accommodation in Moscow. The apartment is 200 metres from Bolshoi Theatre.
The house features two south-facing terraces with panoramic views.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible in all areas.
A hairdryer and ironing facilities are available upon request.
They come with a TV, kitchen or kitchenette and dining table.
Varanasi Junction Train Station is 4 km away.
The restaurant also features a weekly lobster dinner.
Towels and linen are included.
The nearest airport is Elefthérios Venizélos Airport, 33 km from Acropolis View Charming Loft.
Museo Maya de Cancun is 19 km and Playa Delfines is 21 km away.
Each apartment unit at the Leitners’ comprises an on-site parking space for free.
A dining area with a table is also provided.
All units include a TV.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
You can also enjoy your dinner with live music on specific days.
Boat excursions to Elaphite Islands can be arranged on site with the owner.
There is a small reading corner with German and English books.
Each room is fitted with a minibar and safety deposit box.
Every room is fitted with a private bathroom.
A local farmer's market is also in the same building.
Luggage storage is available at the 24-hour front desk.
Raleigh is 6 km from Wyndham Garner/Raleigh South, while Durham is 38 km away.
Featuring free WiFi and a terrace, Guesthouse Svetlyachok offers accommodation in Adler.
From May until October, the Millstaettersee Card is included in the rate.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, DVD, sauna and a hot tub.
The nearest airport is Nice Côte d'Azur Airport, 15 km from Roustan 1.
Hua Hin Clock Tower is 1 km from I Lub U Huahin, while Hua Hin Night Market is 1.1 km from the property.
Each one has a private bathroom.
Green Holidays also includes on-site parking facilities.
Free public parking is available on site.
All rooms at Hostel Onda Azul have impressive views of the mountains and garden.
Extras include cable channels.
The studio offers free Wi-Fi access and is serviced by a lift.
Guests in need can take advantage of free parking service.
Cap Hermes also includes a seasonal outdoor pool.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Murcia-San Javier Airport can be reached within an hour’s drive.
Free WiFi access is available.
You will find a kettle and kitchenware in the room.
From here, the provincial capital Aosta is a 50-minute bus ride away.
El Valle de Arantxa is set 4 km from Nerja.
Buffet breakfast is offered.
The accommodation is air conditioned and is fitted with a satellite flat-screen TV.
Bed linen is offered.
Discounts are available at nearby restaurants and pizzerias.
Châtelet Metro Station is 1 minute away.
High-speed internet access is also offered here.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the apartment.
It has a washing machine, ironing facilities and 3 bathrooms.
The villa has 3 bedrooms one of which has en suite bathroom.
Burgas Airport is located 24.5 km away.
Apartments Bella Vista Split is 1.5 km from the port.
Búzios town centre and the lively Rua das Pedras street are 2 km from Lobo Inn.
Ankara has a bar and a canteen serving Georgian cuisine.
The lively centre of Playa del Inglés is 4 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath.
The hotel features a large outdoor swimming pool and free WiFi.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV and a minibar.
Ambrosio Taravella Airport is a 20-minute drive from the Windsor.
Private bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
This Ace hotel is located 4.5 km from Roanne Train Station.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 17 km away.
Free parking is available.
The D2 Highway Exit is 1.5 km away.
Free WiFi is provided in all units.
The stylish bathroom is inside the bedroom.
Indian and international cuisines are served at 24/7 Restaurant, Baluchi Restaurant and Trendz Restaurant.
Beijing Capital Airport is 24 km away.
Quinta do Regato is located in Moreiras Grandes, 15 km from Torres Novas.
They have access to shared bathroom facilities.
Linate Airport is only 7 km away.
On site parking is free.
It offers a gym and rooms with a plasma-screen TV.
Most rooms feature a balcony.
The Rosskopf ski slopes are 3 km away.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
A hairdryer and shower are found in the bathroom.
The two-bedroom apartment is provided with cable TV and a Hi-Fi system.
Pau is 35 km from the B&B and Les Eaux Bonnes Thermal Station is 10 km away.
Visitors can also discover the Moselle River which is 15 km away.
The nearest bus station is just 150 metres from the hotel.
The Pier Park is 5 minutes’ drive from the resort.
Glyfada is 7 km from Asteraki ApartHotel, while Sarandë is 28 km away.
Dam Square is 400 metres away.
Guests have access to a shared bathroom and shared toilet.
Featuring a patio, Downtown Spacious 2-bedroom Condo is located in Salt Lake City.
The front desk operates around the clock, and ticket service is available.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
Shower facilities and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom.
Rio de Janeiro/Galeao International Airport is located 20 km away.
The villa also provides laundry services, airport shuttles and breakfast at an extra charge.
All rooms offer free Wi-Fi. On-site parking is available.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Guests can use a ski storage room and relax on the terrace and in the garden.
Extras include a desk and bed linen.
Free private parking is available at the apartment.
The property provides free private parking on site.
Ferienwohnungen Moosbrugger also includes a terrace.
At Hotel Starlight Inn you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Sunset Beach Villas is within 5 minutes’ walk from a range of shopping and dining options.
It is about a 15-minute drive from Hangzhou Railway Station.
It offers rooms with a private balcony and free WiFi.
Kosa Nostra Apartments offers accommodation in Tashtagol. The unit is 19 km from Sheregesh.
Galicky Dvir Hotel is located 250 metres from the lake Svityaz.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a microwave and an oven.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
The nearest airport is Debrecen International Airport, 7 km from the property.
Hotel Palace is 10 minutes’ walk from the convention centre.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The accommodation is equipped with a seating and dining area.
Bratislava Main Train Station can be reached with a 10-minute walk.
It offers spacious, bright rooms with free Wi-Fi and an LCD TV.
All of them have plasma TVs, air conditioning and private bathrooms.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and satellite channels.
The villa is a 10-minute walk from the Famous Old Market and Pub Street.
Europe Square is 2.5 km from Марина, while Holy Mother Virgins Nativity Cathedral is 2.5 km away.
The bathrooms have a shower cabin.
Guests stay in colourful, air-conditioned rooms at the Jahongir.
Other facilities you can find at this property are a 24-hour front desk, on-site restaurant and bar, and luggage storage.
Laundry services can be requested at an extra fee.
Hamad International Airport is 8 km from the property.
The hotel has a restaurant that serves Western and local cuisine.
An Italian-style breakfast is provided daily at the Antiche Volte.
It offers free Wi-Fi and views of the surrounding area.
Plaza Catalunya Square and Ramblas can be reached in 10 minutes’ walk and Casa Batlló House and Museum is 500 metres away.
The apartments include a kitchenette equipped with a stovetop, microwave, refrigerator, and kitchenware.
The closest beach is at a distance of 250 metres.
The apartments are surrounded by a large garden with pine and palm trees.
Each has a private bathroom and satellite TV.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Gura Râului Lake is located 21 km from the Pensiunea Rafael.
You can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for fishing.
Shared bathroom and showers are located in the hallway.
A hairdryer is included in an en suite bathroom.
There is a restaurant with a sun terrace and a small grocery shop on the grounds.
Iacob Residence is 12 km from the fortified citadel of Rasnov and 22 km from the Bran Castle.
Chicagoland Speedway is 15 miles from this hotel.
Free Wi-Fi and free on-site parking are provided.
Parking is free.
The nearest airport is Kaliningrad Khrabrovo Airport, 18 km from Apartment on Ozerova.
At Blue Clouds Homestay you will find a tour desk and a 24-hour front desk.
German Fountain is 500 metres away and St Mary's Cathedral is 1.3 km away from the property.
Extras include bath robes, slippers and free toiletries.
Some rooms feature a balcony.
Osprey Links Golf is 9 km from Lakeshore Suites Plus.
Free private parking is available on site.
Some rooms are equipped with refrigerators and microwaves.
Leos Janacek Airport is located 62 km away.
Evening meals can be prepared upon request.
Sundsvall Central Station is 1.6 km from the hostel.
Sheffield is 48 km away.
The 18 sophisticated rooms and suites feature soft, discreet earthy colors.
It offers an outdoor pool and Wi-Fi.
A sweet Italian breakfast, including croissants, juices and coffee, is served daily.
Private airport transfers are available for an extra cost.
Indoors, guests can relax and read a book in the lounge areas or enjoy the serenity of the garden.
Bright and spacious, rooms at Hotel Portezuelo have seating areas and minibars.
The nearest airport is Nizhny Novgorod International Airport, 21 km from Lesnoy Kordon.
It offers a continental breakfast buffet each morning and free WiFi.
There are 2 bathrooms.
Southmead guest house provides a full English breakfast, and vegetarian options are available.
Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport is 69 km from the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
There are 2 double rooms and 1 room with a sofa bed.
The La Crosse River State Fishery Area can be reached in 11 minutes’ drive.
Changzhou Benniu Airport is a 1-hour car journey away.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The hotel also offers car hire.
The on-site pub features roaring log fires and serves seasonal food and drink.
The property offers free parking.
Holiday home Vinkelbæk Dnmkt is located in Nordborg on 200 m from the water.
The scenic coastal town of Peschici is 18 km from the property.
Some bikes are available free of charge at Casa Barbero.
It also features a pro shop and an outdoor swimming pool.
Every room has a simple decór and are air-conditioned.
The Borgo Metro stop is just 5 minutes' walk away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and ski storage.
The nearest airport is Anapa Airport, 12 km from Rooms on ulitsa Terskaya.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
The apartments and studios have a TV and free Wi-Fi access is available.
Breakfast is served every morning.
Each room is equipped with a private bathroom.
Guests can enjoy city view from the apartment.
Other facilities like dry cleaning, an ironing service and a laundry are offered.
Apartment Tichot III Tignes is 5-room apartment on 2 levels on the 5th floor.
The apartments include a kitchenette with dishwasher, living and dining area.
They are simply decorated with tiled floors and provide a wardrobe.
For business travellers' convenience, meeting facilities are provided.
This house has 2 floors.
Extras include satellite channels.
The resort has a fully equipped seminar hall for holding meetings.
Each apartment consists of a bedroom, a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom with shower and toilet.
It offers free WiFi.
Jay Villa also includes a sun terrace.
Tea/coffee making facilities are included.
Lotus Guest House has air-conditioned guest rooms with free Wi-Fi access.
Hotel offers a free kids club for children above 3 years.
It also runs a tour desk that can assist with planning trips in the surroundings.
Bicycle rental is also possible on site.
There is room service at the property.
Facilities include a flat-screen TV and cooling fan.
Guests are welcomed with bathrobes and light refreshments.
Free WiFi access and a shared kitchen are available in this Coimbra hostel.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
A continental breakfast is available daily and can be brought to the comfort of your room.
Opatija is 36 km away.
Free parking is provided.
An sofa bed or extra bed are available under request.
Family Budget Inn also provides an on-site launderette.
The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is a 15-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport, 17 km from the property.
Local specialities and a variety of drinks are offered at the restaurant.
Young guests will find a playground, and a games room with books and comics.
Rooms come with a balcony, flat-screen cable TV and refrigerator.
Santos Dumont Airport is a 1 km distance, while Galeao International Airport is located 14 km away.
Each has a private bathroom with a shower and towels.
Horse riding is available on site and free parking is also provided.
Carrasco Airport is 35 km from Pueblo Chico.
Wi-Fi access is available at an extra charge.
All rooms offer a view of the surrounding countryside.
Guests can also request picnic lunches.
Free public parking is available at a location nearby.
Recreational choices include reading in the library, or having a barbecue in the garden.
A TV and a safety deposit box are also provided.
All suites include a microwave, kettle and refrigerator.
You can park your car for free on site.
The holiday home is 65 km from Alicante Airport.
The kitchen comes with an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
Rooms at Memory Patong are fitted with a flat-screen TV, a safety deposit box and a refrigerator.
It includes sweet pastries and croissants.
A launderette is offered.
Hotel Tovets is located in the Vanoise National Park.
This holiday home is 52 km from Reno-Tahoe International Airport.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
You can savour country style cuisine in the restaurants located nearby.
Udomsuk Hotel offers accommodation in the heart of Satun City.
Free parking is provided by Pension zur Weide.
The property offers free parking.
Dachstein West ski area can be reached within 15 km.
Palanga Sculpture Park is 500 metres from Algis, while Palanga Concert Hall is 500 metres away.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 14 km from Philisa na Neve.
The property proposes self-catering apartments with free Wi-Fi and access to the south-facing garden.
En-suite bathrooms with large shower and bathtub are standard.
Currency exchange and car rental services are also available.
Guests can also make a 120-minute drive to reach the JR Kyoto Station.
Room service is available 24 hours a day.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Free private parking is available on site.
It offers a shared garden with an outdoor pool.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Located across from Wat Chiang Mun, the property offers free Wi-Fi throughout the area
Snacks are available in the evening and there are a number of restaurants in the centre of Rostock, a 20-minute drive away.
Some units have a seating area where you can relax.
The property offers free parking.
Ben Gurion Airport is located at a distance of 9 km.
Beijing West Railway Staiton is located 40 minutes' taxi ride away.
WiFi and parking are included.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Perugia is less than 5 km from the property.
Kurt-Schumacher-Platz bus and underground stop is 600 metres from the hotel.
A sweet breakfast is served daily and includes croissants and coffee.
Massages, beauty and therapeutic treatments are also available.
Cluj-Napoca International Airport is 80 km away.
A buffet breakfast is available every morning at Gästehaus Oblasser.
Harrods is a 20-minute walk away.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
En suite bathrooms come with a bathtub.
Funny Beach Amusement Park is 15 minutes’ walk from the property.
Costa da Caparica and its beach are 19 km away.
Guests will be glad to know the hostel has a dune-buggy which can be used in the desert.
Some rooms overlook the sea, while others provide views of the mountains.
The lobby lounge features comfortable sofas and tables.
At your disposal there is a washing machine, iron and a hair dryer.
Mariscal Lamar Airport is a 7-minute drive.
If your check-in time changes, please update the property.
Free Wi-Fi access and a daily continental breakfast are provided to the hotel’s guests.
Guests are invited to use communal facilities, such as the barbecue facilities, the garden, the shared kitchen and the shared lounge.
Featuring iron beds, all Roza Canina rooms offer views of the imposing Mount Astrakas.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in every unit.
The kitchen has a dishwasher, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
Towels and bed linen are available in this villa.
Guests can reach the famous Copacabana Beach within 250 metres.
Pulkovo Airport is 14 km away.
Every room is fitted with a flat-screen TV. All rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
Free WiFi access is available here. Santa Lucia Hill is a 10-minute car ride away.
Bus cards, city maps, and brochures are provided for free.
The hotel is only a 20-minute boat ride from the beautiful Iztuzu Beach.
With a 24-hour front desk, staff can assist with currency exchange and ticketing services.
Some include a private balcony, TV and minibar.
There is free parking on site.
Free on site private parking is available.
Breakfast is available at a nearby café.
Amulet Apartment offers accommodation in Saint Petersburg.
The kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher and an oven.
The rooms overlook either the surrounding hills or the River Moselle.
A grocery shop, a restaurant and a cafe bar can all be found within 150 metres distance.
Free WiFi is available throughout the entire property.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bathrobe and slippers.
There is a golf court 1.5 km from the Hotel.
All have access to shared bathroom and kitchen facilities, as well as a TV lounge.
The nearest airport is Florence Airport, 28 km from the property.
Barbecue facilities are also available on site.
Apartments Taci offers accommodation in different locations of Bled’s city centre.
You can reach the Venice Biennale art exhibition in 5 minutes on foot.
Free private parking is possible onsite.
Piazza Duomo is 500 metres from this property which also features free WiFi throughout.
The property can be reached in 50 minutes by car from the nearest airport, Oita Airport.
Airport transfer can be arranged for a fee.
The rooms are decorated in rustic style and come with a TV and fan.
The rooms have shared bathrooms.
The on site restaurant offers delicious home cooking, and guests may collect the free range eggs for their breakfast during a morning stroll.
Alexanderplatz Square is 15 minutes away by bus or tram.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Sightseeing arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Yantai Laishan International Airport is about 25 minutes’ drive away.
You can drive to Valencia and its airport in just over 1 hour.
Extras include a desk.
Room service is available.
Guests can enjoy international cuisine in the restaurant on site.
A laundry service is available and the hotel has a games room.
The airport is a 25-minute drive away.
Daily breakfast is served at the on-site restaurant.
It also has a foosball table and a living area with a flat-screen TV.
Mundet Metro Station is 500 metres away.
The apartment is a 10-minute walk from Barceloneta Metro Station.
The property features a sun terrace.
Before heading outdoors, enjoy a delicious breakfast, included in your room price.
Extras include air conditioning. A washing machine and a tumble dryer are included for added convenience.
The Aquadome Thermal Bath is a 10-minute walk from the building.
Guests can relax in the spacious lobby in front of the fireplace.
The area around Mosebacke Hostel has many shops, bars and restaurants.
Motel Pikanore is situated 10 km from Ploiesti, 1 km from the Ploiesti Ring Road.
The Palace of the Republic is 800 metres away.
En suite bathrooms come with hot and cold shower facilities.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in the hotel rooms.
Guests can enjoy local and international dishes at the onsite restaurant.
Free parking is available near the hotel for guests exploring the island by car and bike rental is available nearby.
Torremolinos town centre is a 10-minute walk from Casa Florido.
All units feature a flat-screen TV.
Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
This modern hotel is a 10-minute walk from Plaza Zaragoza Square and Hermosillo Cathedral.
The Congress Hall, Lohmühle Stadium, and companies including Telekom are within easy reach.
Fountain Place is set in London, 1 km from O2 Academy Brixton.
You can enjoy mountain view.
The two bathrooms come with a shower.
Free wireless internet is provided and there is a playground for the hotel’s younger guests.
Packed lunches are also available at the property.
The nearest airport is Rijeka Airport, 22 km from Apartments Buneta 4213.
It offers accommodation 1.3 km from a beach, accessible through a pine forest.
The centre of Mallnitz is only a 5-minute walk away from Hotel-Pension Edelweiss.
The well-equipped fitness centre provides for a refreshing workout.
Some rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Thai and international dishes are served at the hotel’s restaurant.
All include a stylish bathroom with toiletry set.
The property offers an open and covered terrace and can accommodate up to 4 persons.
A flat-screen TV is available.
A free continental breakfast is served daily.
Continental breakfast is included.
The apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchenette, sofa bed in the living area.
Some rooms feature views of the mountain or garden.
Shuttle services are available on request and a ski bus stops 270 metres away.
Renowned Falésia Beach is 2 km from the property and is one of the Algarve’s most popular destinations.
Hotel Moselpark leisure facilities include a gym, indoor/outdoor tennis courts and a range of saunas.
The nearest airport is Ibiza Airport, 11 km from the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with slippers.
Free toiletries, hairdryers and shower facilities can be found in the attached bathrooms.
The en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and bathrobe.
There are also apartments available, equipped with kitchens, where you can prepare your own meals.
The private bathroom has a shower and hairdryer.
Hairdryer, towels, and bed linen are provided.
A mini-market and a restaurant can be found on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
A range of shops, restaurants, and bars are available within a 2-minute walk of the property.
There is an outdoor swimming pool and free public parking is available on site.
The classic-style rooms at the NEAR BY all include a desk and telephone.
A private pool or a private hot tub is featured in select houses or apartments.
Follonica centre and Train Station are a 7-minute drive from the property.
The kitchen is well equipped for and a dining table is offered.
Pension Nuernberg-Fuerth is 2 km from the A73 motorway.
Melbourne Airport is a 1-more drive away.
Borough Market is a 10-minute walk from the door.
H Hotel provides luggage storage for guests as well as dry cleaning and laundry services.
Children under 10 stay for free when using existing bedding.
Toiletries and a hairdryer can be found in the bathroom.
Guests at the property can take advantage of a ping pong table.
Some offer ocean views or views of Lorne Pier.
Many restaurants and pubs are available within a 3-minute walk from the hostel.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
The accommodation features a satellite flat-screen TV.
It is a 15-minute drive from Shanghxiajiu Walk Street, and a 20-minute drive from Beijing Road.
Market Rasen Racecourse is 4 minutes' by car.
There is also a common dining area on site.
On the ground floor of the property's building, you can find a fitness centre.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony. There is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
All rooms include free Wi-Fi.
Hairdryers are available on request.
A homemade breakfast is served every morning.
You can enjoy a city view from the room.
The Braşov Fortress is 3.7 km from the premises.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
There is air conditioning in all apartments.
The private bathroom has a shower.
A TV with cable channels is available.
The property offers free parking.
Free private parking is available.
The Funchal centre is 1 km away and features various restaurants and cafés.
Free private parking is possible on site.
All rooms offer comfortable bed options and an en suite bathroom that comes with a shower.
Free WiFi is provided and the apartment has city views.
Shops and restaurants are available within 800 m distance from the property.
Rockefeller Center and Times Square are within a 20-minute walk away.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven.
Free WiFi is provided at the property.
The surrounding area is filled with restaurants and dining options.
A shared lounge area with flat-screen cable TV is available.
The restaurant of Hotel Pamukkale serves open buffet breakfast and lunch.
Heathrow, Birmingham and Luton airports are all within an hour's drive.
The hotel also offers free use of bicycles.
In the winter, ski storage is free.
There are many restaurants, cafés, bars and shops just a few steps away.
A seating area and private bathroom with shower and hairdryer are included.
It has BBQ facilities as part of the extensive garden, free Wi-Fi access and heating.
The closest metro station is Avenida, less than 10 minutes’ walking from the studio.
Featuring a furnished garden with BBQ facilities, Mazzini Home is just 300 metres from the beach in Forte dei Marmi.
The nearest airport is Kazan International Airport, 27 km from the property.
Free parking and free WiFi access is available throughout the apartment.
The property offers free parking.
Billiards and darts are available for guest entertainment, and business facilities are provided.
Each unit at Filaretu includes unique design inspired by 19th century.
Foinikounta Beach is a 5-minute drive.
Some rooms overlook the green surroundings.
Most rooms also have a balcony.
The Luce dates back to the 16th century and includes an oil press and a chapel.
The accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen TV with cable channels, air conditioning and a minibar.
The Chalet Val 2400 bar is open in the evenings and guests can relax in the hotel’s sauna.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
It features 2 private bathrooms with shower.
Naples Harbour is about 2 km away.
Guests can prepare their own meals at Hyères Palace.
The property is 500metres from San Luis and 2km from Cove Bay.
There is a private bathroom with a hot tub in every unit.
Garage car parking is possible on site at a surcharge.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all guest rooms.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the hotel’s public areas.
Donetsk Central Train Station is 3.5 km from Best Apartments.
Guests have access to free private parking and free Wi-Fi available throughout the property.
Laundry and ironing services are provided at a surcharge.
An oven, a microwave and toaster are also available, as well as a kettle. Some units also have a kitchen, equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
The commercial and banking area is 100 metres away.
Some units have a fridge.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 7 km from the property.
The ski resort of Hania is a 20-minute drive.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The nearest airport is Comiso Airport, 6 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Palma de Mallorca Airport, 8 km from the property.
It offers bright rooms with free Wi-Fi.
It takes 3 minutes on foot from the property to Luodong Sports Park.
Flic-en Flac Beach offers water skiing and diving opportunities.
Ticketing and sightseeing arrangement services are provided at the tour desk.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the lounge.
Bad Ischl is 18 km from the property.
Minsk Ring road is a 5-minute drive from the property.
The three-bedroom accommodation will provide you with satellite TV, a terrace and a seating area.
Natali Apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in Võru. The unit is 5 km from Juba.
There is also a spa centre where guests can enjoy professional beauty and relaxation treatments.
Duni is within 8 km, and Primorsko is at a distance of 20 km.
Set within a walled-in garden, it features 2 outdoor pools.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
Nearby beaches are 5 km away.
A bar and a summer garden with a seating area are also available.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
There is a business centre and a beauty shop on site.
The area is known for the quality of its fish dishes.
The rooms offer a balcony with panoramic views of the Aegean Sea.
A shared lounge with a bar, a fireplace and a TV is available to guests and so is a sauna and a terrace.
The guest rooms at Hôtel Restaurant L’Equipe include a TV and a wardrobe.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Extras include bed linen and cleaning products.
This wonderful castle from the 17th century is surrounded by a beautiful park.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven, a microwave and a refrigerator, as well as a coffee machine.
The rooms have a parquet floor and typical wooden ceiling beams.
Doubletree Hotel Irvine Spectrum features an outdoor swimming pool and hot tub.
Guests can also watch pay-per-view movies in each room.
Brake Train Station is 7 km away, and the A27 motorway is 25 minutes by car.
Certain rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Located in Caboolture, Bellmere is 25 minutes' drive form Deception Bay.
All rooms are located on the ground floor of this 1-level home located atop 150 acres of land.
Car rental services are available on site.
Free WiFi is available at this property.
Tea/coffee making facilities are included.
A restaurant area can be located 15 minutes’ drive away.
An outdoor pool and a gym are also available.
Alma is 36 km from Mobay Kotch, while Rose Hall is 14 km away.
Bed linen is featured.
Offering a restaurant, Riad Noujoum Medina is located in Fès.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Continental breakfast can be enjoyed daily at the dining area.
Arabba town centre is 1 km away.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Private bathrooms come with a bath or shower.
Free private parking is available on site.
Galerius Wellness Bath is 300 metres from the property.
It provides both rooms and self-catering cottages.
Ceará Convention Centre and the trendy Futuro Beach are about 8 km away.
Guests at the Barceló Puerto Vallarta can choose from 5 restaurants.
The University of British Columbia is 5 km from the Grey Point Guest House.
Hungarian and international cuisine is served in the restaurant.
The nearest airport is Hyères Airport, 53 km from the property.
Perla Marina Apartments also includes an outdoor pool. Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
Free WiFi and free private parking are available on site.
Roma In Relax boasts views of the garden and is 2.6 km from Sapienza University of Rome.
Peradeniya Royal Botanical Gardens are 5 km from Fairlee Guest House.
The Mayo Civic Center, for events and shows, is 850 m from the hotel.
The Majorelle Gardens are 1 km away and Marrakesh-Menara Airport is 5 km away if you are arriving by plane.
All of them have a balcony and a complete bathroom.
All rooms are air conditioned and have a balcony, laptop safe and cable TV.
Wi-Fi is available for free.
The nearest airport is Rome Ciampino Airport, 16 km from Parioli Place.
The en suite bathroom has a shower, hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
There are a variety of local dining options available within walking distance.
Each room at Ostello Agribel comes with a desk.
Tianjin Railway Station is a 20-minute drive away.
The Vatican is a 10-minute walk away.
Silvertip Golf Course is 6.4 km from this hostel.
The property boasts views of the Yatsugadake and Chichibu Mountains, the Southern Alps and Mount Fuji.
Lepametsa organises boat trips to nearby islands.
Bars and restaurants can be reached with a short walk.
Falmouth is 37 km from The Classroom, while Padstow is 32 km from the property.
At La Hulotte you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Other facilities like a shared lounge and a games room are offered.
Surrounded by a peaceful garden, Sedanka Complex is located in Vladivostok.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Kazan International Airport is 25 km away.
Rio de Janeiro/Galeao International Airport is located 19 km away.
Adria Hotel is family-run, with friendly staff.
The living room is equipped with a fireplace, a flat-screen TV, sofas and a dining area.
Guests also enjoy free WiFi access in all areas.
The nearest restaurants are in 1.0 km and the nearest shops are in 1.0 km.
Most units at Apartments & Rooms Knego offer free Wi-Fi.
There are also several restaurants within a 5-minute walk of the accommodation.
The bed and breakfast is 1 km from the Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood and less than 2 km from Palace Square.
Each comes with a flat-screen TV and a refrigerator.
The homestay also offers bike hire.
Some come with a seating area.
Bicycles are available to rent on prior request.
The property is 2 km from Capão da Canoa city centre and its bus station.
There is also a Finnish sauna and a Russian steam room.
Free WiFi and free private parking are available on site.
A grocery shop is 500 metres away.
At Costa Brava you will find a fitness centre.
The on-site restaurant serves variety of meals.
Billund Airport is 55 km from the property.
All rooms come with a personal computer.
Parking is available on property for an extra fee.
Cabañas Telayú is 420 metres from Rinconcito Beach and 900 metres from Punta Cometa.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The hotel bar is an ideal place for relaxing with drinks and light snacks.
It includes hot drinks and croissants.
The A3 motorway is a 12-minute drive away, and connects to Cologne and Frankfurt.
Guests have access to a private or shared bathroom with shower facility.
Enjoy stunning views of the Kattegat bay area from Säröhus Hotel.
The property offers free parking.
It offers free Wi-Fi, a terrace with sea views and air-conditioned accommodation.
The city of Querétaro can be reached in 2 hours and 30 minutes by car.
It includes hot drinks, croissants, cheese and cold meats.
A TV is available.
Extras include a desk, bed linen and a fan.
The private bathroom features a hydro-massage shower with chromo-therapy and radio.
It is located in the Gaustadt district of Bamberg, 300 metres from the Kaiserdom brewery.
The kitchenette is fitted with a microwave and a toaster.
Piazza del Popolo and the historic centre are a 10-minute walk away.
Facilities include air conditioning, a washing machine and TV.
The bar serves drinks well into the evening.
Located in Gumbet, Royal 28 Villa is just 350 metres from the beach.
Caravat Garden Café provides light refreshments and drinks.
Free Wi-Fi access is available. It offers a sauna, a gym and a restaurant.
Featuring a bath tub or shower, private bathrooms come with a bathrobe.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
Guests can dine in the hotel's cafe.
Free parking is available at the apartment.
Some rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
It ensures quick access to the Bavarian capital.
Okanogan Stampede is 10 minutes’ drive away.
There are also several restaurants and cafés within a few minutes’ walk of the hotel.
Guests can also make use of the on-site barbeque facilities.
The Palais de Justice is a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
It is approximately 1.5 km from Bongeunsa Temple.
Some units feature a terrace and/or balcony with sea views.
Free private parking is available on site.
The hotel restaurant serves both local Romanian and International dishes.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the hotel and guests can use a safety deposit box free of charge.
Pedestrian Street Vaci and the Elisabeth Bridge can also be reached in a short walk.
It is 200 metres from Grand Place Tram Station.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The Stowe Country Club is also nearby.
The hotel is 20 km from Bodenmais.
From here, you can reach the city centre and Central Train Station in just 600 metres.
A shuttle service is provided on request, and Surgut Airport is 13.5 km away.
Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport is located 17 km away.
It is 5 minutes from Notre Dame Cathedral and the chic Saint-Germain-des-Prés district.
A large breakfast buffet is served every day.
Extras include bed linen.
Guests can stay entertained with a TV, DVD and CD player.
Evening entertainment is also provided.
All apartments and rooms provide a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
It has also retained the villa's original impluvium.
Restaurants and shops are found nearby.
Thuruliya Lodge is set in Ramboda, 28 km from Kandy.
Each room has a shared bathroom.
Children and special diet menus can be requested.
You can enjoy city view.
All room are heated and include bed linen.
Central Inn is a 90-minute drive from Lombok International Airport.
Free WiFi access is available.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be found in Amboise and Tours is only a 30-minute drive from the property.
Galeao International Airport is 11 km away.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with an oven.
The elegant on-site bar provides a good selection of wines and spirits.
Free internet access is available on the lobby computers.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and fishing.
All rooms have a balcony with panoramic mountain views.
Novorossiysk is 15 km from Pansionat Kirovets, while Divnomorskoye is 23 km from the property.
Guests can benefit from free use of WiFi and private parking.
Mount Buller is 45 km away.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave. A flat-screen TV is offered.
The nearest airport is Kutaisi International Airport, 20 km from Nino's Apartment.
It features modern rooms, free WiFi throughout, and a sweet breakfast provided daily.
Siena is 48 km from Villa Sunset, while Arezzo is 41 km away.
Getting around is easy with vehicle rentals and airport transfers.
Beautiful views of the city and the beach are offered along with free Wi-Fi.
Guests have access to a shared kitchen equipped with a microwave.
The hotel includes a shared lounge for you to take a break.
Juan Santamaría International Airport can be reached in a 15 to 20-minute drive.
Guests can take a stroll in the garden, or relax on the sun terrace.
The balcony opens to scenic mountain views.
Guests can rent bicycles and play darts and table tennis.
Free WiFi at the reception and bicycle rental are available on site.
Casa Acquario Chic offers accommodation in Genoa, a 5-minute walk from Piazza De Ferrari.
The 4-bedroom house will provide you with a flat-screen TV, a living room and a dining area.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Rooms feature a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom including a hairdryer.
Guests are also welcome to relax in the wine cellar.
The rooms are air-conditioned and feature a sofa, wardrobe and safety deposit box.
The hotel offers a heated indoor pool and rooms with a flat-screen TV.
A satellite TV is also featured.
Restaurants and museums are within walking distance.
Each suite has a bathroom with hot tub and over-sized walk-in showers.
An on-site restaurant is available and serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
It’s a good spot to enjoy the sun at a terrace of one of many bars.
Luck You Kyoto features free WiFi throughout the property.
Direct parking access is featured.
They have full kitchens with microwaves and refrigerators.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is featured.
Laundry services are offered on site.
Certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
The unit fitted with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven.
The Torre Guaceto Reserve is 8 km from the property.
The resort has a private beach area and water sports facilities, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
The accommodation will provide you with a satellite-TV, Hi-Fi system and a DVD-player.
Naples International Airport is 1 hour and 10 minutes' away by car.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
You can enjoy lake view and mountain view.
Ugento is a 20-minute drive from the property.
A daily breakfast is included.
Hot shower facilities are provided in the en suite bathroom.
The restaurants and nightlife of the Beale Street Historic District is 8 minutes’ walk away.
Extras include a sofa and a fan.
On Sundays, guests can visit the flea market at Boxhagener Platz (350 metres).
Phnom Penh International Airport is 4 km away.
Travel and sightseeing bookings can be made at the tour desk.
A shared lounge, where guests can relax, is also available on site.
The nearest airport is London Heathrow Airport, 15 km from the property.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
There are shops at the property.
Vladimirov Guest House also features a children's playground.
An airport shuttle service is available on request.
The Gamsblick provides rooms with private and shared facilities.
Mogren Beach is 2.5 km from the property, while Budva Old Town can be reached in 2.9 km.
A business centre can also be accessed by those guests that like to take care of business.
Free private parking is available on site.
A continental breakfast is served from 07:30 until 10:30 at a restaurant nearby.
Burrowing Owl Estate Winery is 15 minutes’ drive away.
Apartment here is fitted with a washing machine and a satellite TV.
The hotel has a barbecue and a private beach area, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
Other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff and a tour desk.
Some rooms also have panoramic views of the countryside.
Some shops and restaurants can be found within 200 metres.
The SpringHill Suites Pensacola by Marriott is located 20 minutes’ drive from Pensacola Beach.
Davenport University is 13 miles away.
Featuring a terrace, all units feature a seating and dining area.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
Featuring a shower, the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
This holiday home is 59 km from Nîmes-Alès-Camargue-Cévennes Airport.
Bagergade Apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in central Svendborg.
There is a free public parking on site.
Arturo Portal De Monegros Hotel has a café-bar.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
Within a 100-metre reach, you can find a grocery store, as well as a bar and a restaurant.
It offers free WiFi.
Car rentals and sightseeing arrangements can be done at the tour desk.
Diving and island-hopping trips can be arranged by the hotel.
There are many other dining options within a few minutes’ walk of the hotel.
Wiesbadener Golf Club is 10 minutes by car.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Pomeranian Dukes' Castle 1.5 km away.
Free WiFi access is also available.
Meir Shopping District is 600 metres away.
A stovetop and kettle are also available.
Rooms are equipped with bed linen and towels.
The guests can enjoy refreshing alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages at the bar.
The train station is a 30-minute car drive away.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Free Wi-Fi and complimentary private parking are both available at the Luma Casa De Montaña.
The Dr. Pepper Museum is 5 minutes’ drive from Deluxe Inn.
Free wired internet is available in public areas.
Espace Montagne apartment has a living area with a TV and dining area.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Featuring a sleek design, the rooms offer air conditioning and heating facilities, and are equipped with a fridge.
Guests can find a wide range of restaurants and bars within a 10-minute walk.
They have private bathroom facilities and feature either air conditioning or a fan.
It offers a private beach and sea-view rooms.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for fishing.
It offers spacious rooms with free WiFi.
Taman is 38 km from Guest House Bavaria, while Vityazevo is 12 km from the property.
The restaurant specialises in cuisine from the Abruzzo region.
The kitchen at the French Style Old Town Apartment is equipped with a microwave, a refrigerator and a stove.
Superior rooms feature a spa bath or a hot tub ideal for a deep soak to forget the day's stresses.
A continental breakfast with seasonal fruits, natural juices and pastries is served daily.
The hotel offers free parking, a café and flat-screen TVs.
All rooms include free Wi-Fi and a work desk.
There is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
The bathroom is a wet room with a shower and hairdryer.
The rooms come with a flat-screen TV.
A flat-screen cable TV, hot tub and bathtub are included.
The studios and apartments also feature a fully equipped kitchen.
Located in Marbella, Apartamento Bahía Blanca features views of the sea and is set 450 metres from the beach.
You can enjoy views of the resort's lake, garden and swimming pool.
Athens International Airport is at 33 km.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is also a free shuttle that brings guests downtown.
The property is 2 km from Wenceslas Square and private parking is featured.
Each room has a flat-screen TV, a minibar and a safe.
The accommodation comes with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Breakfast is buffet style and includes homemade cakes, cereal, fruit juices and yoghurts.
The bathrooms provide a hairdryer.
Towels, bed linen and toiletries are provided.
Palacio de Gobierno is 15.3 km away.
There is a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge, concierge service and hairdresser's at the property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Free private parking is available on site.
Dream Palace Hotel has a restaurant that offers international cuisine and regional dishes.
Free private parking is available in the premises.
They are equipped with a flat-screen TV, safe, minibar and an electric kettle.
The private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and bathrobes.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The rooms also feature a minibar, cable TV and a phone.
The pool area is ideal for sunbathing and relaxation.
The lounge area includes satellite TV and a fireplace.
Free private parking and bike rental are available on site.
Several restaurants can be found within a short walk of the the property.
Koval'ska sadyba features free WiFi .
You can enjoy a mountain view from the room.
There are some fantastic hiking routes near the house, along the Costa da Morte.
Licata is a 20-minute drive from Casa a Corte.
Free WiFi access is available.
A business center, laundry facilities and free parking are also available.
The bathroom is private and has a shower.
Offsite parking is provided at a surcharge.
There is a security desk by each entrance and 2 elegant elevators for guests' use.
En suite bathrooms include both a bathtub and shower facilities.
You can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather.
The nearest airport is Turin Airport, 68 km from the property.
The property offers free parking.
Each comes with an en suite bathroom, a humidifier and a hairdryer.
Featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a bidet.
You can enjoy pool and garden views from the room.
Palm Grove Hotel is within a 10-minute walk of the Old Coast Guard Station Museum.
Romantic rooms offer free Wi-Fi and satellite TV.
A well-equipped kitchen, dining area and a living room with a sofa set are among the in-villa comforts.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
The lodge has a restaurant and offers a complimentary airport shuttle service.
Guests at Rivadoro Hotel have 2 sun loungers included at the property’s private beach.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Servus Vienna Karlsplatz offers apartments at the central Karlsplatz square in Vienna.
Staff can also help arrange tours.
The nearest airport is Kirkwall Airport, 15 miles from Buxa Farm Chalets.
Situated in Krasnodar, this air-conditioned apartment is 2.3 km from Krasnodar Expo.
They also have a private bathroom with hairdryer.
A private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
Room service can also be provided.
Guests enjoy the convenience of in-villa breakfast and on-site laundry service as well as vehicle rentals.
Restaurants, bars and grocers can be found within walking distance.
Towels and bed linen are featured.
The Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport is 80 km away.
WiFi access is available free of charge in the public areas of the Derby Hotel.
Bowser city centre offers a variety of shops and restaurant just 2 minutes’ drive away.
Wake up to a delicious complimentary buffet in the bright pavilion.
The nearest airport is Chania International Airport, 27 km from the property.
It offers an easy keyless entry system and free WiFi.
They include a TV and a kitchenette equipped with mini fridge and electric kettle.
Extras include a desk and bed linen.
The property is 100 metres from Long Market and 100 metres from Artus Court.
The nearest airport is Sheremetyevo International Airport, 42 km from Guest House HouseIstra.
Dewa House Bisma offers the convenience of on-site currency exchange, bicycle and motorbike rental services.
Restaurants and grocery shops are located 150 metres away in the village.
Guests of Zimmervermietung are welcome to use the lounges, bar, kitchen, courtyard and the car park.
Free parking is available at a nearby location.
All rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
Bed linens are also provided.
A TV with satellite channels is offered.
It features a lush rose garden and a terrace with mountain and garden views.
The Cross Roads Business Park and Marquette Business Park are within 5 minutes’ drive of this hotel.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided.
Some rooms have a balcony and other have a terrace.
All units feature a kitchenette equipped with a microwave and fridge. A stovetop and kettle are also available.
Rome Fiumicino Airport can be reached in 30 minutes by car or train.
During their stay, guests can enjoy a breakfast buffet including oatmeal, coffee, and juice.
Set in Badung, this air-conditioned villa is located 10 km from Kuta.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Towels are featured.
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
All units include a seating and dining area.
Eden Gardens State Park is 8.3 km away.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling and diving.
A bus stop is 300 metres away and the Fertőd Castle is 14 km away.
Igalo Bay Apartments can help arrange excursions to Ostrog Monastery and the mausoleum on Lovćen Hill.
One level down, the restaurant overlooks the valley and the pool, surrounded by the green gardens.
An outdoor pool is on site.
Explorit Science Center is 12.6 miles away.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
Guests can relax in the 2 hectare garden or on the open terrace.
The Main Market Square is within 2.5 km. Krakow - Balice Airport is 12 km away.
Antalya is 47 km from Villa Laurus, while Belek is 16 km away.
The famous Osho Meditation Resort is just 7 km away.
The resort is a 30-minute drive from Cat Ba National Park.
Rome Fiumicino Airport is 25 km away.
All rooms feature a flat-screen TV and tea/coffee facilities.
It offers accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities.
The property has a relaxing hot tub and free WiFi access in all areas.
Guests can take a bike trip to Chinchero archaeological site, 200 meters away.
You can store your bicycles and surf storage for free.
It features an outdoor pool, 3 dining options and villas with private balcony.
A tour desk and library are also available.
Chiang Mai International Airport and Airport Plaza Shopping Centre are a 20-minute ride away.
There is also a fitness centre.
Guests can reach Pinto Martins Airport with a 12 km drive.
Catania is 26 km from Casa Valery, while Taormina is 17 km away.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
Saint-Jean-de-Luz Train Station is 10 km from the property and Biarritz is 20 km away.
Guests are welcome to use the shared kitchen facilities or use the barbecue facilities for an extra fee.
City Lodge has a 24-hour reception for your convenience.
There is also a Wi-Fi hotspot and coin-operated computers.
The hotel’s restaurant serves homemade food, and there is also a café where you can get a snack or a drink.
Guest House Ena is set in Split, 900 metres from Diocletian's Palace.
Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
Common laundry facilities are also available
The nearest airport is Zhuliany Airport, 5 km from Apartment on Tarasa Shevchenko 58.
Visitors can even take a trip on the Castle Hill Railway (1.5 km).
The private bathroom includes a shower and bathrobe.
A fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
Extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.
The bright rooms are well-lit and simply decorated.
The modern bathrooms all include a hairdryer.
Dilbeek's Train Station is 2 km away.
Various shops and restaurants can be reached within a 1-minute walk.
You can reach the beach in around 20 minutes' drive.
Ios Port is around 28 km away.
Some have views of the Adriatic Sea.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Guests can have their breakfast served at their own studio or apartment, or at the communal terrace.
A selection of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and fishing.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a restaurant on site which specialises in Polish cuisine.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Free public transport tickets are provided on request.
This property includes free parking and BBQ facilities.
Nimman Haemin can be reached within 7.5 km.
The nearest airport is Gran Canaria Airport, 24 km from Rk Luz Playa Suites.
Offering a restaurant that serves a selection of Indian delights, Hotel City Home is located in Ludhiana.
Museum of Ceramic Art is 400 metres from Studio Folitsa, while Kolla Square is 400 metres away.
This stylish design hotel is located 150 metres from Rocafort Metro Station in Barcelona.
The property offers free parking.
There are a number of shops, restaurants and a Woolworths Supermarket within a 15-minute walk.
The Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport is 6 miles away.
It offers free Wi-Fi access throughout and an outdoor pool.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment Michele.
Billund Airport is located 77 km from the property.
The historic Pelourinho neighbourhood a 15-minute walk from Barbalho House.
The property offers free parking.
Satellite TV and a DVD player are also included.
The Hospedería de Cuenca has a lunch and dinner service available upon request.
Discounts are available for breakfast in local cafés if you prefer.
Guests can dine in the hotel's restaurant or enjoy a drink at the bar.
Free private parking is available on site.
The property is 30 km from Burgas Airport and 100 km from Varna Airport.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
It has a living room with a computer, TV and DVD player.
Breakfast is offered in buffet style every morning.
Guests can book polo lessons with the hotel’s 5 polo ponies.
Bike rental is offered on site.
Its interior design is tasteful and includes traditional ceramic floor tiling.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Popular activities in the area include hiking and fishing.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is also a café-bar.
A private garage is available on site.
You can play table tennis and billiards at the property, and free use of bicycles is available.
Guest rooms feature private balconies or patios.
Outdoor furniture and a TV with a DVD player are included in this spacious home.
Guests can relax in the garden or enjoy beauty treatments at the spa.
A continental breakfast is offered at surcharge.
The bungalows are fully air conditioned, featuring large windows that allow much natural light in.
The rural location of the town also makes it ideal for hiking and cycling adventures in the surrounding countryside.
Puerto Vallarta International Airport is 35 minutes’ drive away.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Some of the rooms can accommodate 2 adults and 2 children (under 16 years).
Added convenience is provided by a personal chauffeur.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
The apartments also have a kitchenette and a dining area.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. A fridge and kettle are also provided.
Canoeing and kayaking on Bonaventure River are among recreational activities.
The Pension Villa Berolina in Marianske Lazne enjoys a quiet location on the edge of the woods.
Take a dip in one of the 2 swimming pools in the complex, which boast sea views.
A TV is available.
Pousada do Tadeu features a shared kitchen where personal dishes can be prepared.
The train station can be reached in a 5-minute walk.
Outdoor barbecue facilities are also available.
The bar and winter garden in the Comfort Hotel Paris La Fayette has a pleasant seating area and a billiards table.
All rooms have air conditioning and a balcony.
It features an outdoor pool with a hot tub and guest rooms provide free Wi-Fi.
The nearest airport is Queenstown Airport, 6 km from Alpine Lodge Backpackers.
From early May to late October, the Kärnten Card is included in the rate.
All rooms have views of the Mediterranean Sea.
The nearest grocery store is 500 metres from the Motel Neno.
Menaggio is a 5-minute drive away.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
A balcony and patio are included.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
Częstochowa Raków Train Station is 2.4 km from the property.
Some rooms have a spacious seating area and a work desk.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each room at St Hilda offers a flat-screen TV.
Free Wi-Fi and free private, on-site parking are provided.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be found a 10-minute drive away in Argentré-du-Plessis.
Some have a large balcony.
Guests can play a game of billiards or read the daily newspapers at the lobby area.
Free private parking is provided on site.
Each air-conditioned room at Motel 6 Chino- Los Angeles Area features an en suite bathroom.
At Apartments Ana you will find a terrace and barbecue facilities.
Butte Civic Center is 2 miles away from Butte La Quinta Inn & Suites.
Cane Bay Cottage 4 features free WiFi throughout the property.
The living rooms feature an historic tiled stove.
Mineral water and a coffee machine are provided.
Lutfi Kirdar Congress Centre is a 10-minute walk from the property.
Each room and suite is air conditioned and some have access to the internal patio.
Centre of Zakopane is located 6 km from the property.
The hotel is just 1.5 km from Manali Bus Station and the Buddhist Monastery.
All of the pleasant rooms at Don Pedro have air conditioning, an en-suite bathroom and a TV.
Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom.
Faro International Airport is 18 Km away and Quarteira is a 16-minute drive away.
Planet Apartments is set in Prato Nevoso. Cuneo can be reached in 55 minutes' drive.
Wi-Fi is free.
Thessaloniki City is at a distance of 25 km.
Guests can enjoy varied specialities in the hotel’s elegant restaurant.
Guests have access to a shared lounge.
Guests can use a shared kitchen and use a refrigerator stocked with juices and water.
With large windows overlooking the garden and the city, rooms at Papiros Hotel are very bright.
Bed linen is provided.
Bathroom is shared and is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
A continental breakfast is served on the terrace or in the lounge every morning at Hôtel le Dauphinois.
Parc Jacques-Cartier is less than 10 minutes' drive away.
The accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a minibar.
Alushta is 46 km from Relax Guest House, while Hurzuf is 30 km away.
Private parking is available on site free of charge.
Buffet breakfast is served in a characteristic hall with stone walls and sofas.
Fishing and horseback riding is at a distance of 3 km.
The balconies and the large windows of most rooms offer panoramic views over the lake and mountains.
Free WiFi is offered .
A bus stop with links to Termini Train Station is only 10 metres away.
On the hill above, just 100 metres away, there is a small chapel and a panorama café.
A rich breakfast buffet is available each morning at the Gasthaus am Neumarkt.
The famous Berthillon Ice Cream Shops can be found within walking distance.
A minibar, hairdryer and telephone are also available in all the rooms.
The kitchens include a microwave, electric cooker and tea/coffee making facilities.
All rooms come with a shower and a toilet, and yukata robes are provided.
The restaurant and coffee house serve a daily break buffet, with a variety of Cambodian specialities.
There is a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
The nearest airport is Cardiff Airport, 19 km from 786 Newport Road.
This eco-friendly hotel recycles and uses solar power.
Located just a 5-minute walk from Hua Hin Beach, @Sea Hua Hin Resort offers comfortable accommodation.
A supermarket, shops, bars and restaurants are 1.8 km away in Son Bou.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Copacabana Beach (1 km) and Post 7 - Arpoador (1.1 km).
The building and the garage are monitored 24 hours a day.
Some villas also have a dishwasher.
Casa da Tocha is situated in Portimão.
Drinks and coffee are served by the poolside bar.
They all include a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Lal Chowk Ghantaghar is 2.6 km from the property.
The free ski bus stops right in front of the Gasthaus.
Free WiFi is offered in all areas.
It is served in the breakfast room of the Ca' Fortuny, or on the terrace in good weather.
There is a well-equipped kitchen with a microwave and oven.
Each guest room at the Seattle North Days Inn offers cable TV with HBO and free local telephone calls.
Zvartnots International Airport is 88 km away.
It takes 30 minutes to drive to Ngurah Rai International Airport while it is a 40-minute drive to Sanur.
The nearest airport is Debrecen International Airport, 3 km from the property.
Paphos Town lies within 10 km and Paphos Airport is located 17 km away.
It has a fully equipped fitness centre and a swimming pool with sun terrace.
A breakfast tray of pre-packaged fruit juice and pastries is delivered daily to your room.
The nearest airport is Naples International Airport, 7 km from the property.
Ben Gurion Airport is 19 km away.
The Mukammal is a 15-minute walk from Astana’s Opera and Ballet Theatre.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with towels.
Riccione is a 15-minute drive away.
At Apartment La Fosca - Barcelona4Seasons you will find a balcony.
Free Wi-Fi and a continental breakfast are provided.
The Grenadian Golf Club is 6 km from the resort.
You can enjoy Mediterranean-influenced tapas dishes for lunch and dinner.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Murcia is 43 km from Apartment El Eucalipto, while Torrevieja is 14 km from the property.
You will find a 24-hour front desk, hairdresser's, and gift shop at the property.
The bedrooms have warm colours and a rustic design.
A sweet and savoury breakfast is served at the Kristall's bar each morning.
Evenings can be spent gaming at the casino.
Views of the river, garden or city are featured in certain rooms.
The property features an outdoor pool and a sheltered terrace.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a TV.
Free private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport, Mactan-Cebu International Airport is about 10.6 km from the property.
Giardini Naxos is 30 km from A-Me, while Acireale is 5 km away.
Bethany Inn is located in Vagator. It is barely 500 metres from the Vagator Beach.
An en suite bathroom with a hairdryer is also available.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Spa facilities include a sauna, a steam bath, an infrared cabin, and a relaxation room.
Each room has a dining area with a microwave and fridge.
Apartamento Rua da Passagem Botafogo is 2.2 km from Leme Beach and 7.6 km from Ipanema Beach.
A short distance from the sea, the guest house also offers bike hire.
Each soundproofed guest room at the Inter-Hotel Bagatelle has a private bathroom.
The Garopaba Bus Station is a 60 km distance.
Tromsø Museum is 10 minutes’ walk from Home Sleep Guesthouse.
The property offers free parking.
The closest coffee shop is a 3-minute walk away.
The kitchen features an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
Guests can enjoy Italian cuisine at the on-site restaurant and dine on a terrace during summer.
Free WiFi access is available in this holiday park.
Featuring free WiFi, all apartments offer sea views.
Each room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a TV with cable channels.
Rimini Miramare Airport is less than a 10-minute drive away.
Other facilities at Haus Maria include a barbecue.
Guests will also be 11 miles from World of Coca Cola.
Located a 2-minute drive from Easton Outlet Shopping Centre, Residencial Quilicura offers accommodation in Santiago.
Free WiFi access is available.
The village centre is 500 metres away, same as a supermarket and a bus station.
Los Angeles International Airport is located 65 km from the property.
A private bathroom with hairdryer is also standard.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Kaya Kinondo Sacred Forest is 10 km from Diani Wonder Apartments.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Each comes with a table and either private or shared bathroom facilities.
The rooms are simple, with tiled floors and colourful linens.
Guests can savour fresh coffee in the lobby or sit down for a simple breakfast or dinner at The Bistro.
All units include a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave.
The private bathroom offers a walk-in shower.
Breakfast at La Demeure de Saint Fiacre can be enjoyed in the dining area or on the wooden terrace.
You will find a kettle in the room. All rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath.
Guests can enjoy a wide variety of cuisines in the mall food's court.
All units have a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The nearest airport is Copenhagen Kastrup Airport, 7 km from Westend Penthouse Apartment.
The kitchen is fitted with a microwave and a fridge.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing and massage treatments.
Facilities include an oven, a microwave, a coffee machine and a flat-screen TV.
There are loungers and a barbecue on the poolside terrace.
Free Wi-Fi is provided.
Capodichino Airport is 29 km away.
Boat trips are organised out to the Atlantic islands Cíes and Ons.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property, where you can also prepare breakfast.
The residence provides homely rooms fitted with modern furnishings and warm lighting.
There is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
A well-equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a bath are provided.
Bungalows at Aguada Chica are fully-furnished.
Some units include a balcony or terrace.
Hotel Next2 is located in the historic Beyoğlu district.
Varde city centre is located 25 km from the resort.
A TV and hairdryer are available upon request.
A shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the hotel.
Thimphu City is 8 km.
Other facilities at Nel Verde Di Roma include a sun terrace.
The property features views of the city and is 400 metres from Novy Vek Shopping Centre.
Motorcyclists are welcome to use the hotel garage free of charge.
There is a fully equipped kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator.
Rooms here feature a TV with cable channels.
Guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area.
Guests can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet each morning.
Bars and restaurants can be found 200 metres away.
The nearest airport is Christchurch Airport, 10 km from Around The World Backpackers.
Free parking is provided upon request (subject to availability).
Located in the residential Santa Ursula neighbourhood, Haritos Guest House offers accommodations in Cusco.
Guests receive a 10% discount at the Vall d’Or Golf Club, 20 km away.
The restaurant specialises in regional cuisine.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Flamengo Beach (6.7 km). Galeão Airport is located 19 km from the property.
Free private parking is available.
A fridge and electric kettle are provided.
Private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
At Hotel River, you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Free parking is possible nearby.
Zermatt Pension also includes a terrace.
It offers en-suite rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The hotel has 24-hour front desk.
Senai Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning.
You can also enjoy the mountain views on the 400 m2 terrace.
The property is 1.4 km from Wielka Krokiew Ski Jump and 1.7 km from the Zakopane Aqua Park.
The nearest airport is Larnaca International Airport, 12 km from the property.
The old town of Dubrovnik can be reached by bus or water taxis within 45 minutes.
The unit’s equipped kitchenette, where guests are welcome to prepare their own meals.
The guest rooms will provide you with a terrace and bed linen.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Lobby bar is available 24 hours.
Fresh towels and bed linens are also provided.
The staff of the 24-hour reception is happy to provide you with any information you may need.
Larco Mar and Jockey Plaza shopping malls are a 5-minute drive away.
Holiday home Kamillevej Tranekær X is located in Skattebølle.
The Magdalenenhof's rich breakfast buffet includes fresh waffles.
Trento is a 1-hour drive away.
B&B Gandan is located close to Tung Flower Hallway.
Porto Mare features an extensive tropical garden on the Atlantic oceanfront.
The main train station is just 15 minutes away by underground.
The nearest airport is Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport, 3 km from the property.
Mount Etna is 40 km from the property.
Some rooms have wood-beamed ceilings, while others have a balcony.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
St Barthelemy Airport is located 1.5 km away.
Bike hire and car hire are available at this hotel and the area is popular for fishing.
The nearest beach is 150 metres away.
Some offer city views.
A library is also available.
Guests can relax on the furnished terrace or in the back yard with barbecue facilities.
Local Hunan cuisine can also be enjoyed on site.
At Loulouat Le Mar Furnished Units you will find a 24-hour front desk.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Some units also offer a balcony.
Free shuttle services within a 5-mile radius are available at the hotel.
You can enjoy mountain and garden views from the rooms.
Queenslane Apartment offers free Wi-Fi and 2 balconies.
The front desk offers 24-hour assistance, as well as concierge service.
The property offers free parking.
A continental breakfast is provided in the dining room with a fireplace or the roof terrace.
Sasktel Place is 15 minutes’ drive away.
Pinto Martins Airport is located 7 km away.
The fully-equipped kitchen includes a dining area.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
A microwave oven, electric kettle and fridge are standard in all rooms.
The guesthouse offers a free ticket to Serra Negra's Cable Car.
The bar hosts live music events on occasion.
Towels and bed linen are available in this holiday home.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible to guests.
The duplex rooms have a seating area.
All air-conditioned rooms at the St.
Rooms come with a cable TV and work desk.
Other dining options can be reached nearby within walking distance.
Ravenna is 29 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Downtown Hamlet is 16 miles from the property.
There are two single beds in the annex building.
Younger guests will enjoy a children’s playground.
A flat-screen TV, as well as a computer are provided.
This apartment offers air-conditioned bedrooms with private bathroom.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a spacious private patio.
The Emporia America’s Best Inn offers a continental breakfast each morning.
Drinks can be enjoyed at the on-site Drinx Bar.
The property offers free parking.
It is open at lunch and dinner.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge or directly in your room.
The Mississippi River is 350 metres away from the property.
Some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
You can find a ski school and ski rental in the ski resort.
Guests are served an Irish breakfast daily.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Samitivej Sukhumvit Hospital is 7 km from The Blessed Home, while Emporium Shopping Mall is 7 km from the property.
Domodedovo Airport is 30 km away.
Fitted with tiled flooring, each room comes with a TV and refrigerator.
Also on site is a ski storage room.
Free parking is available on site.
A dishwasher, a microwave and a refrigerator can be found in the kitchen.
The en suite bathroom is fitted with a spa bath.
The Legoland theme park is a 5-minute drive away.
The Chicago city centre can be reached in 34 minutes’ drive.
Chribska Train Station can be reached within 1 km.
The medieval manor house of Haddon Hall is only 8 miles away, and is surrounded by Elizabethan gardens.
You will find a kettle in the room.
The modern air-conditioned rooms come with free Wi-Fi and a personal computer.
This hotel is a 5-minute walk from the beach.
Guest rooms include a 32-inch flat-screen TV and the hotel features an outdoor pool.
You will find a shared kitchen, a shared lounge, gift shop and shops at the property.
At Samara Monkey Villa you will find that activities, such as cycling, are popular in the area.
It offers an outdoor swimming pool, an on-site restaurant and free WiFi.
The buffet restaurant at Roc Illetas serves international food.
Room service is available.
The hotel also has a 24-hour front desk.
The nearest airport is Florence Airport, 6 km from the property.
It is an ideal place to spend the hot summer days.
All units feature a kitchen fitted with an oven and fridge.
You can enjoy pool and garden views from the rooms.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Guests will be 24.3 miles from Talladega Superspeedway.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
The large windows provide plenty of natural light.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
Hotel Lilium is located in the centre of Agia Marina, within 150 metres from the beach.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Hotel Rössle offers a traditional-style lounge and a spacious sun terrace.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Each room has a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower.
Picasso Museum is 800 metres from the apartment, while Malaga Cathedral is 900 metres away.
Guests are also welcome to relax in the recreational room.
There is a garden and free parking.
Featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Private parking on the premises is for free.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The rooms include a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Towels are featured.
Featuring a terrace, all units include a seating and dining area.
They have a classic design with tiled floors and wrought iron beds.
Free public parking is available in front of the property.
Mytilini International Airport is 68 km away.
Guests can enjoy a cocktail or bar snacks at the Badian lounge bar which also has a library area.
Castellammare del Golfo Train Station is a 20-minute drive away.
All spacious guest rooms feature coffee makers, irons, ironing boards, hair dryers and cable television.
Sunny Beach centre is a 7-minute walk away.
Daily activities are provided for both adults and children of all age.
Other facilities like dry cleaning is offered.
Some units have a seating area for your convenience.
Parking is provided on site.
The sandy beach is about 200 metres away.
Hostel Silesius is located in the centre of Wrocław, a 15-minute walk from the Old Town.
This homestay is 15 km from Saïss Airport.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and satellite channels.
In summer, free transfers to and from the Riederalp cable car station are offered.
The property is surrounded by a garden with seating facilities for guests to relax in.
A children's playground, games room and a mini market are included on the camp site.
From May to October, the Silvretta All Inclusive Card is included in the rate.
Castel Sant’Angelo castle is 650 metres from AparTop
Private bathrooms have a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Meals are served in the on-site restaurant.
The nearest airport is Valencia Airport, 13 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is available throughout this holiday home.
Guests can also make use of a gym.
Parking is available.
Amenities at the Apartment Opera also include separate living and dining areas as well as furnishings made of solid wood.
Amenities include an LCD TV and a mini bar.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a kettle.
Located 4.3 km from Paihia, Tuis Nest offers accommodation in Opua.
You can enjoy a garden view from the room.
The nearest golf course is a 25-minute drive away.
You will find a kettle in the room.
You may be able to spot seals, dolphins and marine bird-life.
The bathroom includes a bath or a shower.
The room also offers a safety-deposit box and a view of the pool. Rooms are soundproof.
Mont Bouquet Lodge & Activity Center offers a bar and BBQ facilities.
Featuring free outdoor pool and air-conditioned accommodation, Villa Briz Apartments is located in the Budjaka area in Sozopol, 100 metres from the local beach.
Kitchenettes include a microwave, hob, kettle and toaster.
The studio also has a kitchenette equipped with a stove, microwave, coffee machine and refrigerator.
Free private parking is possible on site.
You can find the Latina District, famous for its tapas bars in about 10 minutes’ walk.
You can use the shared swimming pool and tennis courts and free parking is available on site.
The colourful rooms at the Ocaktan have modern amenities.
A breakfast buffet is served at the guest house.
The property also has a garden.
The Bowood Park Golf Club has a course which meets USGA standards and is open all year round.
Free WiFi access is available in this homestay.
It is 40 minutes’ drive from the beaches and islands of the Capricorn Coast.
It features a restaurant and free parking on site.
Riverbend Guest House is located in Saskatoon.
The fully equipped kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The hotel can even organise wine-tasting sessions for you.
Modern air-conditioned rooms come with warm lighting and large bay windows that offer views of the city.
Guests wake up to a rich American breakfast buffet.
Friedrichshafen Airport and Lake Constance are each a 15-minute drive away.
A balcony is available for some of the rooms.
It is 1.5 km to Bekupė village, where the nearest shop is located.
The hotel features a terrace.
It offers an outdoor swimming pool, sun terrace and garden.
Fax and photocopying services are also available upon request.
Bolzano is a 45-minute drive away.
Additional amenities include 2 sofa beds and a flat-screen TV.
A basket with breakfast items is provided daily.
A variety of restaurants and cafés serving Indonesian food can be found just a 2-minute walk from the property.
All have a balcony, some with ocean views.
Guests can make use of the well-equipped kitchenette, which comes with a dining area.
Pietermatitzburg is 70 km away and the property offers free private parking on site.
The on-site restaurant serves Chinese food.
Located in Kos Town, To Spiti Tis Irinis offers self-catered accommodation with a kitchenette.
Further facilities at the guest house include a 24 hour reception.
Tom Jobim International Airport (GIG) is at a distance of 35 km.
Casa Los Islas also includes a year-round outdoor pool.
Le Vieux Bassin Port is 300 metres away and the sea is 2 km from the accommodation.
The property is a 10-minute drive to Viphavadee Waterfall.
It is located in the Lower Saxon town of Elze, between Hildesheim and Hameln.
A more traditional list of wines is offered at the snack bar, which also provides spirits and soft drinks.
A fitness centre and and hot tub are provided on site.
The property offers a tour desk and can arrange bicycle rental or car hire .
Air conditioning and satellite TV are standard.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The property offers free parking and an outdoor pool.
Other facilities like a garden and a ticket service are featured.
The Opera and Ballet Theatre is a 5-minute walk away.
Room service is available for limited number of hours.
Other facilities at Apartment Madiha include a fitness centre.
A full kitchen and a terrace with BBQ facilities are featured in each guest cottage.
Tasteful en suite rooms include a flat-screen TV with Freeview channels, a free hot drinks tray and newspaper.
Central Tønsberg is 7 km away.
Scenic Devonshire coastal towns, beaches and Dartmoor National Park are all within a 15-minute drive.
Holiday home Svend Gønges Vej is located in Fakse. The property is suitable for 4 guests.
There is a separate toilet.
Tbilisi International Airport is 26 km away.
There is a variety of restaurants further along the bay, 15 minutes’ walk away.
Guests can enjoy hearty, full Irish breakfasts.
The accommodation also offers croquet and French boules balls.
Lienz can be reached within a 45-minute drive.
Takachiho Gorge is a 10-minute walk away, and Takachiho Shrine is 5-minute walk away from the property.
You can play table tennis at the hotel.
In-room dining is also possible with room service.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
Each room offers an en suite or private bathroom with a hairdryer.
The property offers free parking.
It takes 25 minutes to drive to Irkutsk Airport.
Guests staying in the apartments can prepare meals in the well-equipped kitchen.
Some rooms feature a balcony.
Rooms at Las Majadas feature a minibar, TV and CD player.
Bulevardi shopping street is just a 4-minute walk away.
Limited public parking spaces are available nearby.
Guests can cook in the kitchen with a stove, microwave and an oven.
Some also have a patio with beautiful views of the surrounding mountains and the garden.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
There is also a private garage that fits 1 small vehicle, available from June to September.
You can enjoy mountain view and garden view from the room.
The kitchen features an oven, a microwave and a toaster, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
It is situated in Estoril, just a 5-minute walk from the Poça Beach.
Featuring a private infinity pool, Ravdoucha Epavlis-Villa Eleni is located in Ravdoucha Village.
Furnas is 18 km from Apartamentos da Galé.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
For meals, enjoy fine Western dishes at the Tea Restaurant.
There is a possibility to park your car on the road just 50 m from the apartment.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
All rooms are beautifully decorated and well-appointed with bathroom amenities and a hospitality tray.
The nearest airport is Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport, 17 km from the property.
The nearest grocery store is 500 meters away, while a restaurant can be reached in 50 metres.
The Ridgeland Holiday Inn Express has a front desk that is open 24 hours a day.
A refrigerator is included in all guest rooms at Premier Inns Thousand Oaks.
The air-conditioned unit is 500 metres from Boavista Roundabout.
Guests can enjoy a hot breakfast buffet that includes waffles, omelets, and bacon.
The apartments are located in the Bavarian Forest, at the foot of the Great
A buffet breakfast is served daily.
Rooms have a private bathroom. For your comfort, you will find bathrobes and a hairdryer.
The kitchen features an oven, a microwave and a toaster, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
The private bathroom includes a spa bath.
There is also a bar on site.
Hotel Khail is located in the picturesque village of Maria Lanzendorf, a 15-minute away drive from Vienna Airport.
The Casona El Carmen is just 700 metres from the nearest beach.
The Ben Thanh Market and Ho Chi Minh Fine Arts Museum are within a 5-minute walk away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
The edge of the Picos de Europa National Park is just 5 km away.
It also offers a range of Thai and European dishes.
This family-run hotel features a typical restaurant and a bar.
Some rooms also have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
Each unit comes with a private bathroom with slippers.
Free WiFi access is available.
12 Gods Resort features free WiFi throughout the property.
Most room categories come with a microwave and refrigerator.
For families with young children, the property also offers a selection of toys as well as high chairs.
The spacious rooms are air-conditioned and well-appoitned with cable TV and a minibar.
The in-house restaurant serves Indian and regional dishes.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout The Club at Brickell Bay by Netwatch.
The town of Bolsena is located 1.5 km from the property.
Tea and coffee-making facilities are available.
A wide range of restaurants, shops and bars can be found within a 5-minute walk of the hostel.
Sauna is available in this property.
A shared bathroom is available.
The rooms in Hostal Colonial feature minibars and cable TV.
A bakery and a supermarket can be found just a 2-minute walk from this family-run guest house.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing and cycling.
Offering a typical restaurant, Hotel Riviera is located in Pisciotta.
Playa Hermosa is 22 km away.
Free public parking is available at the Hotel Pension Nordlicht.
Comiso Airport is 49 km away.
The property provides free private parking on site.
Rooms have a flat-screen TV.
The property is surrounded by a green garden, and it includes outdoor pools, fitness centre and a Turkish bath.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Universities and several tourist attractions are also in the nearby.
Laundry facilities are available.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
The Tiefe Stollen visitor's mine is a 10-minute walk from the Hotel Restaurant Vogthof.
Times Square Mall and Kool Runnings Waterpark are each a short distance from the villa.
It offers on-site whale watching tours.
At Home Stay Matara By Wanyo you will find a garden.
This holiday home is 48 km from Palma de Mallorca Airport.
A shop and a restaurant serving Austrian and Italian cuisine can be reached within 5 minutes on foot.
All rooms have a balcony.
It's large terrace comes with an outdoor seating area and sun loungers.
The small village of Roncesvalles is 12 km away and 8 km from the French border.
The Volga River embankment is a 5-minute walk away.
Every room has a shared bathroom.
The hotel’s air-conditioned rooms offer luxurious interiors with rich décor and carpeted floors.
For other meals, guests can benefit from a discount at nearby restaurants.
At holiday home Klydevej Hurup Thy Denm you will find a terrace.
All rooms offer free Wi-Fi.
An Italian breakfast of cappuccino and homemade cakes is provided daily.
The hotel also features a 24-hour convenience store and guest laundry facilities.
Iława is 20 km from Zajazd Nad Dryweca, while Miłomłyn is 41 km away.
The hotel houses a 30-metre outdoor pool, a hot tub and a fitness centre.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with an oven, fridge and stovetop.
At The Silk Road Hotel Dunhuang guests can find a 24-hour front desk and a mini-market.
Parking is provided on site, free of charge.
The property provides a TV, and air conditioning.
Air-conditioned rooms of the property features sea views.
Massages are on request.
Palau, with its ferry links to the Maddalena Archipelago, is 25 km from the property.
Zarzis Airport is 18 km away.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
Extras include a desk and a fan.
A playground is provided for younger guests. BBQ facilities are available in the garden.
The Centennial Theater is 8 minutes’ drive away.
Featuring free WiFi, Hotel Astoria offers accommodation in Aykhal.
You can have a drink at the bar.
Wi-Fi is available at an additional cost.
A separate, fully equipped kitchen with a seating area is included.
The nearest airport is Milan Linate Airport, 10 km from Fiera Prati Apartment.
Most units offer a balcony, and some are additionally equipped with a private kitchenette.
The kitchen includes a dishwasher and oven.
A bus stopping 200 metres away takes you to Mezzocorona Train Station.
Los Villares Park is just 15 minutes’ drive from the property.
En suite bathrooms come with hot water showers and bath amenities.
It offers a Marche restaurant and traditionally furnished rooms with an LCD TV.
Kahler Asten is 1.2 km away.
A washing machine is included.
Vinoteca offers a warehouse with selected wines.
Rosh HaNikra Grottoes is 5 km from the chalet.
Asia Cha-am Hotel is a 2.30-hrs drive from Suvarnabhumi Airport.
The bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
The property offers a 24-hour front desk service and room service.
Some rooms offer a garden view while others have a pool view.
The guest house also offers car hire.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
The bathrooms come with a shower and some are en suite.
It is 17 km from the green areas of the Ria Formosa Natural Park.
Each room is equipped with a TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Rumeli Restaurant serves Turkish and international cuisines.
Free public parking is also possible on site.
A spacious garage with motorcycle and bicycle storage space is at the guests' disposal.
The cruise also features a restaurant, library and free Wi-Fi access in its public areas.
Local eateries can be reached within a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
The hotel is a 15-minute walk from Le Bon Marché department store.
Noviy Arbat Street is a 2 minute walk from the apartments, while the Kremlin is 10 minutes by metro.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV, working area, fridge and safety deposit box.
Relaxing Balinese massages can be enjoyed in room.
Fully air-conditioned, spacious guestrooms feature modern interiors and furnishings.
Arborétum Mlyňany is 30 km away.
A 1.5-hour boat ride takes guests to Samui Airport.
Free WiFi access is available.
English, French and German are spoken at reception.
Bed linen is offered.
Free WiFi access and free private on-site parking is available.
They come with tiled floors and wrought iron beds.
Sochi is 30 km from Hotel Lazurniy, while Lazarevskoye is 17 km away.
Some have a porch.
A cable TV and telephone are featured in each air-conditioned room.
Located in Kokkari, it is 20 metres from the beach and 300 metres from the village centre.
It offers rooms and suites with free WiFi access and views of the sea and the hotel’s gardens.
A range of beers and wines can be found at the bar.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
Several convenience stores and dining options are available within a 5-minute walk.
St Lucia Hewanorra Airport is located 26.7 km from the villa.
Each spacious room also includes ironing facilities and a work desk.
The shuttle bus to Zagreb Airport departs from the Main Bus Station every 30 minutes.
Each modern room has a light décor with exposed wooden beams.
The Manor House Golf Club is a 10-minute walk away.
All rooms are heated and have tiled floors, a TV and wardrobe.
All units have a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and oven. A microwave and kettle are also available.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are provided.
The kitchen is fitted with a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
The plush sofa, tapestries and parquet floor add comfort to the stay.
The swimming pool of the Best Western Obermühle has large panoramic windows with mountain view.
Guests at Tre Monti Hotel have access to the property's private beach with sun loungers and umbrellas.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The wooden-floored units also feature a terrace and a view of the gardens, mountain-range and river.
The accommodation is fitted with a seating area.
Guests can also use a shared fridge and microwave.
The property offers free parking.
All rooms feature a private terrace, air conditioning and a flat-screen TV.
Beaudry Metro Station is 350 metres away.
Guests can easily walk to Connecticut Avenue or the Vietnam Memorial.
It features a bathroom with a bathtub and an washing machine.
Barbecue facilities are offered at the guest house, and the canteen is located in the resort.
Free parking is available for guests.
Rooms are also equipped with a private bathroom with a shower.
Chengdu Shuangliu Airport is a 2-hour, 30-minute drive away.
Plaza Catalunya Square and Barcelona city centre are 20 minutes away by metro.
The nearest golf course is 17 km away in Villaviciosa.
Lijiang Railway Station is a 35-minute drive away.
The rooms feature simple furnishings and a TV.
Each has a TV.
At Hotel Rudnik you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a bar.
The homestay also offers free use of bicycles and car hire.
The Continental breakfast is served from 07:00 – 11:00 daily.
A washing machine and ironing facilities are provided in this chalet.
The hotel offers n airport transfer service is available on request.
Pre-packaged products for breakfast and drinks are offered daily in your room.
The beach is 200 metres away.
Tashkent International Airport is 7 km from the Hyatt Regency Tashkent.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing and hiking.
London Heathrow Airport is a 15-minute taxi ride away.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
A microwave, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
A flat-screen TV is available.
It all comes with simple décor and tiled floors.
Other facilities offered at the property include ski equipment hire and ski pass vendor.
The property offers free parking.
Check out Pompidou Centre (1.2 km).
There is a terrace from which the guests can admire the panorama of Słupsk.
This Mission, Texas hotel is located just 4 miles from McAllen Convention Center.
The nearest airport is Zakynthos International "Dionysios Solomos" Airport, 13 km from the property.
Each apartment has wooden floors and a living room with a sofa.
7Days Inn Beijing Liujiayao Station is located in Beijing.
Lille is 35 km from B&B Le Nord, while Ghent is 44 km away.
Free WiFi is available in all areas and free private parking is possible on site.
Room service is available.
A hairdryer is also provided in the en suite bathroom.
Dulcinea is 7 km from Azul Bus Terminal and 45 km from Olavarría City.
Shops, restaurants and bars can be found in the surrounding area.
The nearest airport is Dubrovnik Airport, 15 km from Apartment Ronchi.
The accommodation has a terrace and a flat-screen TV.
Breakfast is provided each morning.
There is a terrace and two shared kitchens available for guests.
A TV is featured.
The Cappello Rosso provides free bike rental and free golf bags.
Stora Torget Square is just 100 metres away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can enjoy a workout in the 24-hour fitness center.
Water Center visit with its facilities is available for guests free of charge.
The shores of Lake Trasimeno can be reached in a 1-hour drive.
There is a children’s play area.
It houses a restaurant and bar and offers free Wi-Fi access in its public areas.
Featuring a spa bath, private bathrooms also come with a shower and a bath.
The nearest airport is Barcelona El Prat Airport, 14 km from the property.
Guests are welcome to cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen of the villa.
Moskovsky Train Station is 10 km away, and Pulkovo International Airport is 26 km from the hotel.
On street parking is available at a surcharge.
Rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
It features a contemporary building and an outdoor pool.
A business centre is also available as well as a launderette.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with a fridge.
For meals, local Sri Lankan and continental cuisines will be served at Villa Tangalle Lagoon Restaurant.
Baili Hotel is within a 2-minute walk of Beijiang River.
The bed and breakfast is 7.8 km from Almkreek Golfpark.
Guests can access a shared kitchen.
The apartments are scattered around a 1000-m2 swimming pool.
All apartments come with air conditioning and a TV.
Free WiFi is available.
The property also offers a mini-market.
Every weekend the restaurant serves an extensive Spanish buffet.
Some offer city views.
Rab Ferry Port offers links to Rijeka.
Gazipasa Airport is located 61 km from the property.
Breakfast includes fresh fruit, homemade cakes, yoghurt and cereal.
Castel Sant’Angelo is a 15-minute walk away.
Split Airport is located 86 km from the property.
Marbella is 6 km away and there are various golf courses nearby.
There is a double bedroom and a complete bathroom available.
Krom Luang Chumphon Khet Udomsak Royal Palace is 600 metres from the property.
Bucharest International Airport is 154 km from here.
Bed linen is featured.
The distance to Scuol is 27 km.
Special menus can also be arranged.
Free parking and Wi-Fi acces are available at Domaine La Forêt.
During the summer, guests can enjoy al fresco dinners in the garden.
All Spa Areas of Karlovy Vary are reachable within few minutes on foot.
En suite bathroom offers a shower and towels.
The apartment comes with a kitchenette and a private bathroom with a bathtub, as well as a fireplace.
A continental breakfast is delivered to guests’ rooms each morning.
The Nürburgring Racing Track is also just 15 km away.
Au Bord du Monde is a 30-minute drive from the historical city of Bourges and its cathedral.
Free private parking is available on site.
Other facilities like grocery deliveries and a games room are offered.
Ben Gurion University is 45 km away.
They can also enjoy a free cocktail at Trouville or Deauville Casino.
Luang Prabang International Airport is a 15-minute ride away.
On-site recreational activities include soaking up the sun on the beach or enjoying a refreshing dip in the outdoor pool.
All make good use of natural materials.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
The suites provide sofa beds.
The Sinaia Monastery is set 2.5 km away and the Peles Castle can be found with 4 km from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport is Sheremetyevo International Airport, 11 km from Na Planernoy.
The nearest airport is Sarasota Bradenton Airport, 48 km from Warm Mineral Springs Motel.
Rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bidet.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
WiFi is available for a small daily supplement.
Guests can start the day with a breakfast buffet.
A playground and an indoor playroom are provided for children.
Burgas Airport is 30 km away.
The hotel is a short walk from the megalithic site of Locmariaquer and 1 kilometre from the beaches.
The Wenceslas Square can be reached within 3 metro stops from the Galerie Royale.
A fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
As well as a pool the hotel also offers a fitness centre.
Free Wi-Fi, satellite TV and a minibar are standard in every room.
Gramado bus station is a 5-minute drive away and Canela centre is 9 km away.
Guests can enjoy water activities such as diving, fishing and snorkeling, which are available upon request.
Café Mango offers customised set meals and local specialities.
Pulkovo Airport is 13 km from the property.
Located in Château-d'Olonne, this residence is just 600 metres from the beach.
The living room is outfitted with a TV, DVD-player and a CD-player.
It consists of a bedroom, a bathroom, and a fully equipped kitchen.
The apartment is provided with a satellite-TV, and a CD/DVD player.
Kumano Club Resort is a 15-minute drive from Kumano Kodo Road and Onigajo.
It boasts free WiFi throughout, parquet floors and a round bed.
A flat-screen TV and air conditioning are provided in some units.
Bolzano Train Station is 40 km away.
Wi-Fi access is available in the lobby.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
They all have TV and a balcony.
All rooms have a shared bathroom.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The bar is open 24-hours for drinks and snacks.
Ann Arbor is 20 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is 83 km away.
The Tryp Madrid Alameda Aeropuerto Hotel has a restaurant and a bar serving snacks and drinks.
Tropicana Field baseball stadium is within a 15-minute drive of the La Quinta Inn.
Free Wi-Fi and parking are provided.
The property is 2.4 km from Streuböden and 2.5 km from Doischberg.
A cable TV, fireplace, and en suite bathroom are featured in all guest rooms.
The location is especially good for all kinds of live music venues within a 7-8 minute walk.
Private parking is free.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Hao Hostel offers accommodation in Phuket Town.
Cross-country skiing trails are found 200 metres from the property.
There is a seating area and a kitchenette.
It offers free Wi-Fi and views of tropical gardens.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Ireland West Airport Knock is 41 km from the property.
Each room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a TV.
Gila County Historical Museum is 3 minutes’ walk from this motel.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
Centrally located in Rome, Richbaby is 300 metres from Vittorio Emanuele Metro Station.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
The rooms have a balcony and offer views of the golf course.
At Hostel Ami, guests can avail of a ticket service and a tour desk.
Puerto Banus Marina is 2.5 km from the hotel, while the nearest beach is 1 km away.
Apartments additionally feature a kitchen with a dining area.
Guests can enjoy ski-to-door access after an action packed day on the slopes.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free bicycles are available at reception.
The hotel is located in Hennigsdorf, and is a 30-minute drive from Berlin city centre.
The closest supermarket and a bus stop are just 50 metres away.
Seymour Airport is a 1-hour drive from El Bambu.
Guests who are driving can enjoy private parking subject to availability and for a fee.
Featuring a balcony, all units have a seating and dining area.
Each accommodation will provide you with a satellite TV, air conditioning and a fully equipped kitchenette.
Spread over 3 floors, the apartment has a seating area with satellite TV.
Barbecue facilities are also available.
Le Cardinal is located on Sauzon Bay, on the coast of Brittany.
The property features a restaurant that serves local cuisine, a bar and a garden with children’s playground.
The guesthouse is just a 1-minute walk from Christ Church and the renowned Stadthuys.
During the winter is served in the breakfast room, during summer in the covered terrace with city views.
They also include a private bathroom with a shower and toilet.
Each well appointed apartment has a seating area and a flat-screen TV.
The property offers free parking.
The kitchen has a microwave and a toaster, as well as a kettle.
Breakfast at the Mediterraneo is served on the terrace in fine weather.
Hotel Villa Rita Chiclayo is 4 km from Real Plaza Mall and from Quiñones Gonzales Airport.
The hotel is a 10-minute drive from Carrasco International airport.
The private bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
Free parking is available.
The centre of Larnaca City is 1.5 km away.
Certain rooms include views of the sea or pool.
The A113 motorway can be reached in less than 5 minutes by car.
Free WiFi is available .
Guests can also enjoy drinks and snacks on the terrace.
GUM Department Store is 2.8 km from Irbis Hostel, while Saint Basil's Cathedral is 2.9 km away.
Skegness is just over 1 hour’s drive from the cathedral city of Lincoln.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Bayterek Monument is 3.5 km from Baraev Hostel, while Congress Hall is 1.2 km from the property.
Monaco is 1 km from the apartments and there is a shuttle service available.
The hotel is surrounded by medieval streets, wine bars, restaurants and its own green park.
The property offers free parking.
Morritts Tortuga Club and Resort also boasts an on-site restaurant.
100 metres away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
This property features a spa, free Wi-Fi and free parking.
The property is located 2 km from Kaplava village and 5 km from the Latvian – Belarusian border.
The private bathroom is fitted with shower.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Gouvon Beach is at 15 km.
The Meadowlands Exposition Center is directly next to the hotel.
Beauty treatments and massages are also available upon prior reservation.
Pula Airport is located 45 km away.
A large furnished balcony is provided in almost all rooms.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding, windsurfing and cycling.
Faro Airport is 84 km away.
A business centre and launderette are on site for guest convenience.
Cunda's centrum is 1.5 km, and Ayvalik city centre is 2 km from the property.
A shared lounge and games room are available.
The A59 motorway is just 5 minutes away.
Select apartments have a kitchen and offer mountain views or sea views.
A bar service is also available during summer.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the property.
You will find a tour desk at the property.
Just 100 metres from a sandy beach, this hotel offers a sauna and free Wi-Fi.
Hamamatsu Castle and Hamamatsu Park are a 5-minute drive from the property.
Bed linens are available.
The north part of Gradina Camping and its long sandy beach is 300 metres away.
There is also a garden that guests can explore.
The kitchen is fitted with a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
After enjoying the continental breakfast, you may choose to visit Le Tréport, which is 26 km away.
Mariano ́s Cabins is 20 km from the city centre and 40 km from the airport.
Baza Otdykha Ivolga also includes a barbecue.
The property organises safari jeep tours to Yala & Bundala National Parks.
Free private parking is available on site.
Vatia Beach Lodge is located 10km from Tavua. It is a 90-minute drive from Nadi Airport.
Some have a seating area as well.
The Petra Karađorđevića Square can be visited within only 200 metres.
The distance to Sky Complex is 10 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Guests can rent a bicycle to explore the surrounding area.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Guests can order breakfast to their room or spend time in the bar, offering a fireplace.
At Harjas Palace you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Ferienwohnungen Eichenhof is located 3 km from the Südpfalz Thermal Spa.
It arranges fishing activities and airport shuttle services.
The property is 4 km away from Eichstätt.
The beach is 8 km away.
The property’s restaurant is also available.
Aranda del Duero and Peñafiel is 22 km away.
The nearest grocery store can be found within 20 metres from Apartmany Respect.
Featuring free WiFi, Hostel on Leningradskaya offers accommodation in Khabarovsk.
Children's playground is provided.
This motel has a 24-hour reception.
The property offers free parking.
Each unit features a separate bedroom and a bedroom with kitchenette and dining area.
The Mondial hotel is located Perpignan city centre, a 10-minute walk from the train station.
There is a fully equipped kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Downtown Dallas is 36 miles away.
The living room comes with a flat-screen satellite TV, DVD player and CD player.
There is a 24-hour front desk and gift shop at the property.
The town of Kimi is 25 km away.
Some units include a seating area where you can relax.
Free toiletries, a hairdryer and a bathrobe are included in an en suite bathroom.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The traditionally furnished rooms at Hotel Rossbad feature a shower and a toilet.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
A 5-minute walk from the beach, the hotel is 4.5 km from the Italia in Miniatura Theme Park.
Vaclav Havel Prague Airport is 15 km away.
The Central Bus and Train Station is set 300 metres from Shopen Mezonet.
WiFi access is available.
An extensive breakfast menu is served in the light and airy dining room each day.
Shared bathrooms come with a shower.
Free private parking is available on site.
It offers an outdoor pool and modern service apartments with free Wi-Fi.
The private bathroom has a multi-jet shower.
Bathroom facilities are shared, and some come with an in-room washbasin.
Free private parking is available on site.
The luxurious hotel offers a fitness room, 2 restaurants and indoor and outdoor pools.
Lakmali's House features free WiFi throughout the property.
It also provides shuttle service to the port/airport of Santorini upon surcharge.
The resort also offers an on-site mall with coffee shops, a supermarket and souvenirs.
Quietly located only 30 metres from Ayia Napa Beach, Theophan offers a restaurant and bar.
Malmö is 37 km from Smygehus Havsbad, while Lund is 41 km away.
King Abdullah Sport City Stadium is a 10-minute drive away.
Each room is equipped with satellite TV, a minibar, slippers and a hairdryer.
A separate seating area with cable TV is included for guest enjoyment.
Guests benefit from balcony, offering views of the city and the sea.
The sandy beach of Falassarna lies within a 30-minute drive.
The city of Viborg is 24 minutes' drive away.
Comfort Hotel Goiânia (Centro de Convenções) is 8 km from Santa Genoveva Airport.
For convenience, 24-hour security, dry cleaning and laundry services are provided.
24-hour reception services are offered at Beloit Ike’s Motel.
Breakfast consists of sweet and savoury products, served together with hot drinks.
Maps for hiking and cycling tours are available on site.
Each cottage has a kitchen equipped with kitchenware, an oven and a stove.
Palazzo Ducale is 200 metres from Le case della Ste.
Other facilities offered include laundry facilities and a daily maid service.
There is an on-site restaurant and a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Deluxe Apartment mit Balkon is a self-catering accommodation located in Freiburg im Breisgau.
It offers a gym complimented by the sauna and hot tub.
Cala Anguila Beach is 3 km from the property.
Featuring an outdoor pool, Alma in the Galilee is located in Chorazim.
The property offers free parking.
The bar offers bio fair trade coffee.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can enjoy a peaceful garden, a large terrace and barbeque facilities.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
It offers a balcony with garden and mountain views.
The property offers a free airport shuttle service. Parking is available in the basement area.
Private bathrooms are equipped with towels and linen.
The restaurant offers buffet and à la carte selections.
Private parking is available on site free of charge.
They are equipped with a satellite TV and hairdryer.
Rafael Núñez International Airport is 10 km away.
The USS Alabama Battleship Park is 10 miles away.
Guests can enjoy a sweet breakfast every morning.
They are located just 2 minutes’ walk from Curzon Street and Green Park.
BBQ facilities are offered on the property.
Free WiFi is provided in all areas of the hotel.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
A pick-up service can be organised against surcharge.
The hotel offers a swimming pool, a relaxing pool, and spa facilities with a sauna and a Turkish bath.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, a balcony and a seating area.
The public areas include a lounge with a billiard table and a bar.
Free parking is available.
Features include a hot breakfast and an outdoor pool.
The modern apartment has a balcony and a sofa. Guests can cook in the kitchenette with a stove, microwave and fridge.
The Louis Leger hotel also has a lobby bar.
An organic food and drinks menu awaits guests at ChiLL Porch Cuisine.
Guests can relax in a living room with a flat-screen TV or on a terrace.
Free private parking is provided on site.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
The scenic town of Kastoria is 25 km away.
The old town is reachable in 10 minutes by tram.
Restoran Kampong Meraga Beris serves a selection of local specialities.
The unit is 9 km from the centre of Larnaca.
In the morning, a continental breakfast is served, including breads, pastries, jam and beverages.
Peace and Friendship Stadium is 7 km away.
Hotel Jonio is 50 metres from the beach and 6 km from Noto.
The Queen Tamar Airport is 2.8 km away.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Lake Vouglans is only 15 km away.
Guests can benefit from free entrance and access to an Aqua Park with swimming pools and water slides.
Towels are available.
Set in Rivne, this apartment is 18 km from Babin.
Private on-site parking is available free of charge.
Apartament Olimpiiskiy Park is an apartment situated in Adler, 6 km from Sochi Discovery World Aquarium.
After a huge restoration project, it now features modern apartments.
Guest House Camelot features free WiFi throughout the property.
A varied breakfast buffet with many regional products is served every morning.
The area is favourable for hiking as well.
The hotel is situated in the centre of Alkmaar and is surrounded by many little shops, restaurants and cafes.
Free WiFi access is available, and free private parking is provided on site.
Other facilities at Bay View Inn 102-308 2nd Apartment include an outdoor pool.
Each room has a private bathroom.
The terrace and some rooms also overlook Mount Terminillo.
Some can accommodate up to 5 people.
Refreshing drinks can also be enjoyed at the bar.
The hotel is a 10-minute drive from the popular Orchard Road and the Esplanade Theatre.
The area is filled with restaurants, shops, summer terraces and cafes.
Each room has a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
Free parking is provided.
Shops are within 3 km from the apartment and 9 km away there is a shopping centre.
The reception at the AF Hotel is open 24/7.
The hotel’s bar offers drinks and refreshments.
Decorated in warm tones, this apartment is fitted with wooden furnishings.
You can play tennis, table tennis, and squash at the guest house.
The large Woodforest Golf Club is 15 miles away.
Hershey Park Arena is 2 miles away.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Guests enjoy free parking.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Wi-Fi is free.
Some rooms offer a spa bath.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
A microwave and toaster are also available, as well as a coffee machine.
The garden is equipped with an outdoor pool and barbecue facilities.
All rooms include a shared bathroom.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Hermosillo Hotel Lucerna has a state-of-the-art gym and a business center.
Free private parking is available at the Hotel Neustadt.
All rooms include a private bathroom with shower.
Greek and Mediterranean dishes are served at the restaurant, right on the beach.
The rooms and cottages have a private entrance, ceiling fan and seating area.
Oscar Mini Hotel is located in Simferopol, 2 km from Gagarina Park.
Naxos Town and Port are 4 km away, while the long sandy beach of Agia Anna is 3 km away.
Free-use internet terminals with an attached printer are provided in the lobby, which also has free Wi-Fi.
Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport is 34 km away.
North Golf Course Inc.
Karyatides lies 6.5 km from the beach of Agios Fokas and Tinos Town.
Village Villa "Sunny Cow" is a self-catering accommodation located within 800 metres from Anjuna Beach and Flea Market.
Private parking is free.
It offers a pool, free Wi-Fi and self-catered accommodation.
The air-conditioned apartments at Suit Hotel Azak come with a balcony and a satellite TV.
A free breakfast is offered every morning.
Rooms at Hotel Ostrow are attractively furnished and feature a private bathroom with shower.
Free WiFi is available.
Varde Station is a 5-minute walk away.
Congress Hall is 1.2 km from Hostel NUR, while Otan Korgaushylar Monument is 1.6 km away.
The nearest airport is Gold Coast Airport, 19 km from the property.
Jenbach can be reached with a unique steam cog railway.
The property offers free private parking.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Nasher Museum of Art and Sarah P. Duke Gardens are 4 km away.
It features a luxury spa centre and rooms with an LCD TV and free WiFi access.
Guests can take a plunge in the indoor heated swimming pool or work out in the fitness area free of charge.
Gijon city centre is 20 km away, while Oviedo is within a 30-minute drive of the hotel.
Galeão International Airport is located 18 km away.
Freedom Square is 5 km from Natali's Place, while Heroes Square is 2 km away.
The bathroom is private and has shower.
Minneapolis-St Paul International Airport is 22 miles away.
All rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV.
The property has free WiFi throughout the property.
The ski area of Großer Arber (Germany) is within 10 km.
Granada is 70 km away and Malaga is 100 km from the hotel.
Some also have a private balcony or a terrace.
The inn has an outdoor pool and a deck facing the Berkshire Hills.
The guest house is 6 km from Upington Golf Club and Upington Airport is 7 km away.
Bars, shops and restaurants can be found a 3-minute stroll from the property.
You can enjoy mountain views from the room.
Complete with a microwave, the rooms are equipped with a refrigerator.
There is a TV and a kitchenette with a fridge.
This luxurious hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with a balcony or terrace and a restaurant.
A flat-screen TV is featured in the living area.
Free Wi-Fi is provided at Sokhi Guest House.
Tomsk-1 and Tomsk-2 Train Stations are within 4.5 km away.
A complimentary soft drink is available at check-in.
Anjana, the in-house restaurant, serves Indian, Chinese and continental delights.
Each cottage contains double bedrooms, a shared kitchen and a living room.
The hotel is 1 km from castle Stolzenfels.
Accommodation features air conditioning, a patio and a seating area.
There is a bar and a buffet restaurant.
Tastefully decorated, rooms feature soothing wall colours and offer views of the city or sea.
The nearest airport is Palma de Mallorca Airport, 51 km from La Mitrana.
Venus Melena Hotel has a spacious lobby area with internet corner, piano, bar, and TV screen.
Hotel Stomio Beach is 5 km from Kimi Harbour and at a distance of 180 km from Athens city centre.
Guests can use a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer.
The 24-hour reception staff offers a limousine service and babysitting.
Bastia Airport is located 24 km away and Bastia's Port is 22 km from the property.
Featuring free WiFi, Samruk offers accommodation in Kokshetau.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
Taghazoute beach is over 25 km away.
Holiday home Sydslugen Blåvand Denm is located in Blåvand and can accommodate up to ten persons.
The spa area at Hotel Aquamarin includes saunas and a fitness centre.
Private bathrooms come with a shower.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
Within only 40 metres, you will find a super market.
A safety deposit box can be used at an additional charge.
The bus to Rimini Train Station is 20 metres away.
There is free WiFi access available and the property offers free parking.
Guests can request boats for fishing at nearby bays.
The open-air Amarta restaurant offers an intimate dining experience by the beach.
Other facilities at Ses Muralles Boutique House include a barbecue.
Some offer a balcony and some have a terrace.
Guests enjoy free Wi-Fi, private parking, and bikes can be rented at reception.
It offers free private parking and Wi-Fi.
Free parking is possible nearby.
Residence Urb.
There are air conditioning and a flat-screen TV.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Each air-conditioned room boasts a microwave, a refrigerator and a coffee-machine.
24-hour reception services are offered and free parking is available on site.
It offers free WiFi internet access, free private parking and a large terrace.
All the rooms come equipped with a bathroom, air conditioning, TV and a fridge,
High ceilings in this traditional stone-built house give rooms a light, spacious feel.
The property is 200 metres from Moscova Metro Stop, with links to Milan Centrale Train Station.
Airport buses leave from Plaza Catalunya.
They also have a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a balcony.
Guests can approach the 24-hour front desk for laundry services.
There is also storage space at the apartment for ski equipment.
Taipei Airport is 10 minutes' drive away.
The hotel enjoys views of the picturesque harbour and bay of Ca ́n Picafort.
Every room comes with a TV. Enjoy a cup of tea from your terrace or balcony.
The historic town of Nin is 68 km from Rooms Ropuš, while Zadar is 69 km away.
The on-site Henry's Restaurant offers a casual atmosphere for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Several restaurants and bars can be found within the area.
You can enjoy lake view from the room.
Guests are welcome to cook their own meals in the kitchen.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Each includes a TV and private bathroom.
Rooms come with a TV and minibar.
The property offers free parking.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The unspoiled beaches of Caños de Meca and Playa de los Ingleses can both be reached in 35 minutes ́drive.
Private parking is available on site.
Free private parking is available.
A grocery shop is just 200 metres away.
With a flat-screen TV, rooms have a private bathroom with a shower.
1 house features 1 bedroom and the other one, 2 bedrooms.
The centre of Barcelona is 20 minutes by car and the airport is 30 km from the property.
Yamba Beach is 45 minutes’ drive away.
Each room has individual reading lights and lockers.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
All rooms come with a refrigerator.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The Lu Bagnu beach is a 10-minute walk from the apartments.
The bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet.
Special diets can also be catered for.
A 24-hour reception is offered at Chino Hills Hotel California.
Guests can prepare their own meals using the shared kitchen, which is equipped with a microwave and stovetop.
The historic town of Hall in Tirol is also close by.
Property can sleep 10 with this room.
Madonna di Campiglio can be reached by car in 1 hour.
The accommodation features a living room with a fully-equipped kitchenette.
You can enjoy a sea view from the accommodation.
All include a TV and a private bathroom with a shower.
Free WiFi is available throughout and there is free on-site parking for guests with a vehicle.
The Stopera music theatre and opera house is a 5-minute walk away.
You can enjoy a lake view and a garden view.
There is a shopping centre 650 metres from the apartment.
Taoyuan Airport is 73 km away.
Antalya 61.9 km away.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
You can enjoy a mountain view and a river view from all the rooms.
At Euro Hotel Friedberg you will find a bar, snack bar and a shared lounge.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen.
The open-plan kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven and microwave.
Jabel Hafeet is 55 km from Telal Resort.
The lush garden provides barbecue facilities.
Belgorod Train Station is 4 km from the property.
Parking is available 600 metres away, while a bus stops just in front of the property.
There are 2 bathrooms, one of them with a spa bath.
It is 2 km from cafeterias and restaurants.
Some feature hand-painted wooden furniture.
Pick-up services provide only hotel to Thong Sala pier can be arranged at an extra charge.
Guests can enjoy water sport facilities, including windsurfing, snorkelling, and diving.
The ride takes about 15 minutes.
Riva Lofts & Suites is offering this spacious Junior Suite with views of Lyon’s Place Ainay.
Located on the seafront, it is 50 metres from the beach.
Pula Airport can be reached in 5 km.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The Guti Oriental Restaurant serves Asian cuisine and international wines.
A flat-screen TV and a telephone features in each room.
Guided hikes are available.
All rooms are equipped with an air cooling system and feature a flat-screen TV.
Holiday home K. B. Kjeldgårdsvej Fjerritslev I is located in Slettestran.
Room service is available.
Macedonia International Airport is 52 km away, while the city of Thessaloniki is at a distance of 62 km.
A bus stop can be found just 25 metres from Apartamentos Piscis.
Their private bathrooms are complete with a hairdryer and a set of toiletries.
It boasts modern suites and free WiFi access is available throughout.
The property features simply decorated dormitory rooms. Guests can use a shared bathroom.
You can enjoy a drink by the swimming pool and work on your tan at the sun terrace.
Free parking is available at a location nearby.
Apartments also have a private terrace or balcony.
Both free WiFi and free parking space are accessible here.
It is located in Mülheim, less than 1 km away from the city centre and the Ruhr River.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
There is also a shared kitchenette, fitted with a microwave and refrigerator.
Villas come with a private pool or spa pool.
Cable TV and free Wi-Fi are included.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each room comes with a dressing room and a private bathroom with a shower.
Guests are welcome to prepare their own meals using the fully equipped kitchen available.
Located in Velikiye Luki, this apartment features free WiFi and a balcony.
25 de Mayo Square is 7 blocks away.
Restaurants, a market and 24-hour convenience stores are nearby.
The accommodation features dormitory and double rooms.
The tour desk can assist with sightseeing activities and travel arrangements.
A bar is located at the hotel.
Extras include a sofa, a desk and bed linen.
Each apartment has a seating area with a TV and radio.
Towels and bed linen are available at Piter812 on Tukhachevskogo.
The hotel is 4 km from the village of Baux de Provence.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
A rich breakfast buffet is served each morning and the terrace is open during the summer.
Certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
Shuttle service is provided.
The accommodation comes with a flat-screen LED TV.
Each modern apartment at the Palacio Real is decorated in bright colours.
Each comes with a TV and a private bathroom with shower.
Spezia Metro Station and Molinette Hospital are a 5-minute walk away.
The unit is equipped with a kitchen.
The Manassas Home Style Inn offers guests assistance anytime at their 24-hour reception. Laundry services are also available.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
Some rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
The nearest airport is Nikola Tesla Airport, 97 km from the property.
Private bathrooms have hot shower facilities.
Bodenmais Train Station is 1 km away, and the A92 motorway is 36 km away.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Some are complete with a balcony, offering views of the garden, the mountains, or the sea.
There is also a kitchenette, equipped with an oven and microwave. A fridge and kettle are also provided.
A 2-car parking garage is included. A clothes washer and tumble dryer are available for convenience.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen.
Free on-site parking and a children’s playground are both provided in front of the building.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Phnom Penh International Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
Meeting and banquet facilities are available upon request.
The hotel offers a business centre, laundry and fax/photocopying services.
Palanga Airport is less than 50 km away from this hotel.
A TV and DVD player are also offered.
Some rooms offer a balcony.
Rooms provide a TV, a telephone, a wardrobe and a minibar.
It offers a terrace and a garden with barbecue facilities.
The centre of Paraíso is just a 5-minute drive away.
The living room is complete with a sofa and fireplace.
Guest House Lazur is located in Adler, just 20 metres from a pebble beach.
All rooms have a flat-screen TV.
Arlington National Cemetery is 5 miles away.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Offering a restaurant, Ravana Ridge Polhena Guest House is located in Matara.
The barbecue facilities in the garden can be used by guests.
Free private parking is available on site.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
The resort has 2 bookable saunas by the beach.
The property provides free private parking for guests.
There is another bathroom and 2 toilets.
Snorkelling and diving spots are in front of the apartments.
Towels are featured.
Laoshan National Forest Park is 38 km away.
There is a business centre, a kids' club and gift shop at the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Several restaurants, bars and cafes are in the immediate vicinity of the ZigZag Beograd Apartments.
Free private parking is on site.
A seating area and a spacious bathroom with a shower are also included.
All rooms provide satellite TV, a seating area and a tea/coffee maker.
Captain Hotel is situated in Zatoka, 48 km from Odessa.
Other facilities offered include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and a games room.
Guests may also make use of the amenities in the common kitchen.
Modern bathrooms have under-floor heating.
Alternatively, in-room dining options are available.
Snacks served at snack bar include pizza, pita and meatballs.
They include en suite facilities, a telephone and a balcony.
Larnaca International Airport is 55 km away.
Porto Velho Airport is 6.3 km away.
Free private, on-site parking is available.
This bed and breakfast has a private beach area and bike hire is available.
At Luxury Villa Palmeraie you will find a garden and a terrace.
Gazipasa Airport is 6 km from the hotel.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is 14 km away.
The Fox Theatre is 9.6 km away from Motel Oaks.
All are equipped with a private bathroom and shower.
Other facilities include rental bikes and a laundry room with washing machines and dryers.
Malibu is 17 miles away.
The hotel reception is available every day from 08:00 until 22:00.
Daily continental breakfasts including homemade breads and jams are provided.
They also have access to a shared bathroom.
Free luggage transportation from Balestrand's ferry terminal is also possible.
The guest house also offers car hire.
The kitchen is equipped with a washing machine and coffee machine.
At Kinner Villa you will find a garden and a terrace.
The property offers baggage storage, ironing services and dry cleaning for guests’ convenience.
Como Nord Lago Train Station is 4 km from Casa Stella.
Free WiFi access is available in the public areas of the property.
Ravensburg is 9 km away from the property and Friedrichshafen is 12 km away.
The bathroom has a shower and a toilet.
Each room here will provide you with a TV.
Guests can approach the tour desk for day trips arrangements.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Hostel Tango offers accommodation in Astrakhan.
For dining, it is within a 5-minute walk from seafood and Chinese restaurants.
Guests can enjoy a breakfast buffet for a charge every morning.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
Red Square is 1.3 km from Apartment Kozitsky per 1a.
Each unit has heating, a fan and a cable TV.
Old Phuket Town is situated 1.2 km from this property; whilst Bangla Road can be reached under 9.2 km.
All rooms offer free Wi-Fi access.
There is a bowling alley offered.
You are invited to visit the Aveyron Gorges, which are 35 km away.
Certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
It is located on the shores of the Sea of Azov, close to the Kuban River’s delta.
Public parking is available nearby at an extra cost.
There is also a bathroom with a shower.
Ribeira district and all its summer terraces is within 500 metres.
Other facilities offered include luggage storage and a laundry.
A children’s play area offers outdoor recreation.
Some offer floor-to-ceiling windows with garden or partial sea views.
Free parking is available.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
It offers elegant rooms with private balconies, and free Wi-Fi internet access.
Each room at Hotel My Liva is fitted with modern furnishings.
The nearest airport is Tolmachevo Airport, 35 km from the property.
The house has 1 double bedroom and a bathroom with a shower.
It features a business centre and provides free Wi-Fi access throughout the property.
The hotel is situated 23 km from Gocek and 40 km from Dalyan.
The property is 31 km from Magnitogorsk and free private parking is available.
Fohnsdorf and the Therme Aqualux thermal bath are 20 km from the Wolfingerhof.
Free parking is available on site.
The property features a pool, tour desk and fitness centre.
The Charlotte Douglas International Airport is about 45 miles away.
Rooms at Hotel Terradets are equipped with a flat-screen TV, safe and air conditioning.
Private parking is available on site.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher, oven and microwave, as well as a toaster and kitchenware.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
Rooms include a private bathroom.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Various luxury stores, shops, restaurants and cafes can be reached within a 10-minute walk.
Krabi Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
An ironing service and laundry facilities are also provided.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
El Loa Airport is 100 km away in Calama.
Staff speaks English, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian and French.
Guests will experience ultimate relaxation with warming fireplace and a spa bath.
A 24-hour front desk service is available.
Some units offer views over the garden or the surrounding area.
Free private parking is available on site.
Barbecue facilities and outdoor furniture are provided in the tree-lined garden.
Free WiFi access is available.
Rhodes International Airport is located 23 km from the property.
The equipped kitchen provides a stove, a refrigerator and a microwave.
Lipno nad Vltavou can be found within 30 km.
There is a garden, where guests can relax.
The bar will serve your favourite drink.
Set in a historic building on the island of Torcello, B&B Ca' Torcello offers a furnished garden and free Wi-Fi throughout.
The nearest airport is Pula Airport, 26 km from Licul Apartment.
Jaz Beach is about 3 km away from Andrea Guest House.
Other facilities at Apartment Vinogradska 1A include a barbecue.
The helpful concierge service can help arrange travel details.
3 underground lines and the CAT (City Airport Train) are close by.
The nearest airport is Naples International Airport, 4 km from Central Station.
Certain units have a seating area for your convenience.
Chrome Cottage Berlin features free WiFi throughout the property.
Guests can slowly unwind in a public hot spring bath indoors or under the open sky.
Air-conditioned apartments with a balcony are provided at Hotel Sunny Beauty.
A refrigerator and stovetop are also offered, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Taiyuan East Railway Station is a 10-minute drive away.
At One-Bedroom Chalet at Stella Makadi Resort you will find a garden and a terrace.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
The Valentinerhof’s restaurant serves traditional South Tyrolean and international cuisine.
It also features a mini farm and free Wi-Fi.
The Apartment Colombare Teboi also includes a shared garden, where you can relax.
All rooms have a private bathroom with shower and a seating area.
A garden with a terrace is surrounding the Slatina Hotel.
It provides free Wi-Fi access and parking.
Tatra National Parl can be reached in 10 minutes on foot.
There is a souvenir shop on site and plenty of shops can also be found within walking distance.
Palma de Mallorca Airport is 43 km away.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
There are several restaurants available within a radius of 5 km.
The Versalles is just 5 minutes’ walk from the vibrant Chueca district.
Some rooms come with a private balcony.
Some units also have a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
They all offer views of the airport or terrace.
The house comes with a dining area, simple kitchen and a seating area.
They all include a satellite TV and a minibar.
The hotel offers warmly decorated rooms with wooden furniture.
You will find valet parking at the property.
Santa Clara Waterfall is 2,5 km from the hotel.
The apartment is located on the 1st floor and features a kitchen with a microwave.
Free Wi-Fi and free airport transfer are offered.
Facilities at Hotel Campestre include a games room, football field and hiking trails.
Hotel Imperial is located in Simferopol, 1.7 km from Simferopol’ and 39 km from Alushta.
A64 Motorway is located 15 km from the property where free parking is available.
It is 6 km from Konyaalti Beach.
Villa Bonadea is a 10-minute drive from San Baronto centre and 18 km from Pistoia.
Guilin Harbour No.1 Hotel is 1 km from Elephant Trunk Hill.
Free private parking is available on site.
A personal safe and a wardrobe are included. The en suite bathroom comes with hot and cold water supply.
Free WiFi is featured in public areas and free private parking is available on site.
It has a spacious garden with indoor and outdoor pools and a sun terrace.
Facilities include a guest kitchen and shared bathroom.
Lido di Jesolo is 25 km away.
It offers self-catering accommodation with free Wi-Fi throughout.
Set in Giurgiu, 13 km from Ruse, G&C features a seasonal outdoor pool and fitness centre.
A 24-hour reception is available to guests Sawtooth Inn Best Western Plus.
Sequoia National Park is 1 hours’ drive from this motel.
A TV with cable channels is offered.
Other facilities at Crestview 056 include a sauna.
The nearest airport is Suvarnabhumi Airport, 23 km from the Pannana@Thonglor.
Each has an equipped kitchen and a washing machine is available, as well.
A hammam, sauna and massage treatments are available from the on-site wellness centre.
Towels are available.
The self-catered accommodation looks out onto the ocean and offers a fully equipped kitchen.
Free private parking is also available.
Towels and bed linen are featured.
The nearest airport is Vienna International Airport, 15 km from Wohnung.
Every room includes a TV. Certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
Moorea Green Pearl Golf Course is 4 km away.
Some units also feature a washing machine.
Private parking is free at the B&B.
Guests can also store their luggage at the reception desk for their convenience.
All meals are served in buffet style at the 2 restaurants of Cyprotel Almyros Hotel.
At Chalé Foz do Iguaçu there is a garden.
Wi-Fi is free throughout.
The beach can be reached in a 15-minute walk.
There are 4 bars and lounges set around the hotel.
Shops and markets are a 10-minute walk away.
Guests can enjoy local dishes at the onsite restaurant.
Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport is located a 45-minute drive away.
Hammocks and a screened in porch with views are available in front and back of the house.
Guests can enjoy breakfast in the rooms.
Restaurant-Hotel "Stork" is situated in Khmil'nyk, 50 km from Vinnytsya.
Snorkelling and diving can be done by the beach.
Barbecue facilities and a meeting room are at guests’ disposal.
Casanovas Hotel Boutique is 15-minute drive from El Dorado International Airport.
Aix-en-Provence is a 15-minute drive away.
The bathroom comes with free toiletries.
The Pershing Suites offers Wi-Fi at an additional charge.
There is a fully-equipped kitchen with kitchen appliances and kitchenware.
A continental breakfast is served at the dining table at the rear of the yacht.
Luggage storage is offered at the front desk.
The spacious rooms of Hotel Flora are decorated in a traditional Alpine style.
It also includes an outdoor pool.
The hotel also provides free shuttle services within the resorts vicinity.
Tsutenkaku is 1.6 km from Fuku Hostel -Nagomi- Namba, while Shitennoji is 1.7 km from the property.
Smiltyne Passenger Terminal is 800 metres from Family-Friendly Old Town Apartment.
Bicycles can be rented from the property and massages are available against a surcharge.
The Hotel Hirsch's restaurant offers regional and international food. A variety of fine wines are also available here.
Other facilities at Oakview House 4205 include a sauna.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the property.
Husein Sastranegara Airport is 5 km away.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
There is also a fireplace and a table tennis.
Free WiFi is available.
La Feria Nature Center is 9 minutes’ drive away.
Schiphol Airport is 11 km from the property.
Most have a balcony.
Other facilities at Naima House include a terrace.
In addition, each room provides a seating area and a private bathroom.
The nearest airport is Beziers Cap d'Agde Airport, 9 km from the property.
There is also a shared kitchen.
The centre of Manhattan and Central Park are 3.5 miles from the hotel.
Each room has a modern design.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkelling, diving and cycling.
Moroccan specialities can also be served in the dining room if you reserve in advance.
Rooms include a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
Other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff, a nightclub and a shared lounge.
Rooms at Bali Resort Nibbana have wooden flooring and furniture.
It is 3 km to the historic Oliwa District.
The Noble Hotel is a 25-minute drive from Changi Airport.
Arrangements can also be made for a day trip at the tour desk.
The nearest airport is Rostock Airport, 16 km from the property.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels, as well as a CD player are available.
Guests at the Mikawaya Asakusa Hotel can relax with a massage.
The restaurant and pizzeria Il Malibu, located in the hotel, offers a variety of foods.
The nearest airport is Kempegowda International Airport, 31 km from the property.
Family rooms are also available.
The air-conditioned guest rooms feature a private bathroom with bathtub or shower and hairdryer.
Airport shuttle service is offered at a charge.
Dar Yanis is just a 5-minute walk from Rabat’s medina and the beach.
Local dining outlets can be found within walking distance from the property.
Jinhua Railway Station can be accessed in 15 minutes' drive.
They feature cable TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
Cairns city centre and Cairns International Airport are both a 25 minute drive away.
Other facilities include a terrace and garden furniture.
Each one is elegant and bright and boasts a kitchen with a refrigerator, stove and a coffee maker.
Parking is free.
A supermarket can be found 40 metres from the apartment.
A dishwasher, microwave and fridge are standard in all apartments.
Kitchen facilities include a fridge, an electric kettle and a stove.
A terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms.
Beach bars and restaurants can be found within short walking distance.
A breakfast buffet is available daily in the dining room.
Guests can also dine and enjoy drinks on the beach.
Some units feature a terrace and/or balcony.
Hotel Quality Aeropuerto has free on-site parking.
On-site parking is provided.
The airport is 40 minutes’ drive away.
West Des Moines Marriott provides bright, air-conditioned rooms with wireless internet access.
An Italian-style sweet breakfast buffet is provided daily.
Guests can start their day with a buffet breakfast.
The apartment can accommodate up to 6 persons and offers an open terrace.
There is 24-hour reception and you can find car rental services here.
A sweet Italian breakfast is served daily in the dining room.
The bathroom has a bath and a hairdryer.
A safety deposit box and tea and coffee-making facilities are provided.
Â la carte dishes and drinks are available each day in the relaxing atmosphere of Arctic Restaurant & Bar.
The town of Chiclana is about 15 km from Cádiz, and about 3 km from the A-48 motorway.
Cooked or continental breakfast can be served in the dining room, on the terrace, or in the comfort of your room.
The guest house can help organise excursions and visits of the area.
The private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
Yoga mats and cushions are provided at the balconies and common areas for your convenience.
Ukrainian cuisine is served in the on-site restaurant, and cocktails are offered at the bar.
Ski storage is also provided.
The simple and neutral décor will put your mind at rest.
Typical Austrian dishes can be sampled at the on-site restaurant.
The River Lahn and the Hoch-Taunus Nature Park are around 1.5 km away.
Lake View Apartments Akrotiri is located right opposite the lake in Akrotiri village.
Roy Villa Beach Hotel is 20 metres from Bentota Beach and 35 km from Ratmalana Airport.
Located in Perissa, Countryside Backpakers is a 15-minute walk from Perissa Beach.
Situated in Calella, this air-conditioned apartment is 49 km from Barcelona.
Paradiso Residence is 650 metres from Siena Cathedral.
The Aparthotel along with the parking lot are guarded.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing and hiking.
Free WiFi is available in public areas.
Each room in 8 Inns Dongguan Qiaotou is fitted with a TV and an electric kettle.
There is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
Rooms at the Royal Olympic Hotel offer elegant interiors, large windows and plush carpets.
All apartments have modern décor and parquet floors.
Cádiz is a 30-minute drive away, while Jerez Airport can be reached in 45 minutes’ drive.
The property features a lovely garden and a barbecue area with outdoor seating.
A shuttle service is available to Hannover Trade Fair and Hannover Airport.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
Free Wi-Fi is offered and the apartments offer great views over Madrid.
There is a private bathroom with free toiletries in each unit.
Some rooms also come with a small kitchen area and balcony.
You can relax in the on-site bar.
Cafés, bars and restaurants can be found in the immediate vicinity.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Guests can enjoy a new exhibition every couple of months.
A TV is provided.
Guests can take advantage of the café.
It is a 2-hour, 30-minute drive from Colombo International Airport.
The accommodation features a cable flat-screen TV.
Friendly staff are fluent in English and Chinese.
Each unit has a private bathroom with a shower.
Guests can relax at the sun loungers by the pool and enjoy a coffee or a drink at the poolside bar.
The nearest airport is Humberside Airport, 54 km from the property.
WiFi is offered in some public areas for free.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can relax and enjoy in the outdoor swimming pool.
Here, guests can book sessions in the sauna, Turkish bath and hot tub.
Lake Havasu State Park is a 15-minute drive from the Quality Inn.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
BBQ dinners are also organised regularly.
Ticket service and luggage storage are offered with an additional charge.
The nearest airport is London Heathrow Airport, 18 km from the property.
Pré-Saint-Didier, a spa town, is 15 minutes away by car.
Each has internet access and some have views over the city.
Apartments Tea is located 2.5 km from the nearest beach.
There is also an on-site beauty salon, and a billiard club is located in the same building.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a dishwasher.
Food and drinks are also offered in the garden, which offers a view of the mountains.
The Staroměstská metro station is just 300 metres away.
At Hotel Zheleznogorsk you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Free private parking is available on site.
Bacvice Beach is a 20-minute walk away from the Tanja Apartments.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
The shores of Ohrid Lake are just 50 metres away.
Linen and towels are provided.
There is also a free sauna, and massages are available on request.
Free public parking is possible on site.
This popular resort has a good seafront promenade.
Pulkovo Airport is 26 km from the property.
The wooden bungalows are facing the garden and have shared showers.
Guests can enjoy massage services at the massage centre.
The nearest airport is Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport, 12 km from the property.
Free parking is possible on spot and a bicycle storage room is provided, as well.
The kitchenette is equipped with a stovetop and microwave.
Rome's shopping street Via Cola di Rienzo is reachable on foot in 12 minutes.
Gstaad is only 10 km and the Les Diablerets glacier is 4 km away from the Hotel Viktoria.
Zanzibar International Airport is 9 km away.
A fridge is included in all rooms at the Dryoussa.
Airport transfers and area shuttles are available at additional charges.
Free private parking is available.
Featuring a fireplace, the living area includes a dining table and TV.
The hotel is set on the Costa Dorada, just 10 minutes’ drive from historic Tarragona.
Garden views are featured.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Adler is 70 km from Dva Tisa Hotel, while Krasnaya Polyana is 100 km from the property.
The YHA Penzance has dormitory rooms with shared bathroom facilities. There is also a TV lounge with Wi-Fi access, and on-site laundry facilities are available.
Each room features air conditioning, a TV and safety deposit box.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The accommodation is a 5 minutes’ walk from bars and restaurants.
Guests can enjoy Thai and international dishes at the restaurant.
Some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
This 4-star property is situated in a marine village and overlooks the water.
A French-inspired breakfast is served each morning.
The property is 1 km from Ypsos Beach.
The town’s seafront promenade is less than 100 metres away.
Each guest room at the Atlantide is equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels including Canal +.
Millennium Beach Park is 3 minutes’ walk away.
Free WiFi access is available.
The bathroom includes a hairdryer.
The hotel also has a pool bar that serves cocktails in the summertime.
They also have a private terrace and garden.
Slievebawn Accommodation offers accommodation in Cliffony.
Heraklion International Airport is 30 km away.
Guests will find several restaurants and shopping facilities in Saig town centre, which can be reached in a 5-minute walk.
Shared bathroom facilities are available.
Free parking is available right outside the hotel.
It is equipped with free Wi-Fi and has a contemporary décor.
The property is fitted with a business centre and meeting facilities.
A continental breakfast is served buffet style each morning.
Offering free WiFi throughout, Palazzu is a self-catering apartment located in Patrimonio.
Located on Ustica Island, Baglio L'Antico Forno is 700 metres from Ustica Harbour.
The à la carte restaurant serves regional delicacies.
Poznan Lawica Airport is 7 km from the property.
At Hosteria Colonial you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
Situated 1 km from Dubai Mall in Dubai, this apartment features an outdoor pool.
Rijeka Airport is 12 km from the property.
All rooms have a private bathroom with a shower.
Gili Air is 2.4 km from Mallias Bungalows.
Neptune’s bicycle rental service and tour desk can benefit those who wish to explore the area.
The apartments feature light décor with splashes of bold colours and wooden floors.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a toaster. A TV and DVD player are available.
Each apartment has a seating area and cable TV.
Each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a TV with cable channels.
The Anaheim Hills Golf Course is a 10-minute drive away.
The Southeast Texas Regional Airport is 12 miles from hotel.
It offers an outdoor terrace and garden, and free Wi-Fi access.
Dom Studencki Atol has a common TV room and a gym.
Santiago de Compostela Train Station is 550 metres away.
There is a full kitchen with a fridge, oven and stovetop.
Moinho da Cruz is located 4 km from Ponte de Lima.
Accommodation will provide you with a seating area. Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
The hotel is 28 km from the A22 Autostrada del Brennero motorway.
Breakfast includes local products and homemade jams and cakes.
There is also a shared kitchen and laundry room available for guests to use.
BBQ facilities and vending machines featuring snacks and drinks are located on-site.
A sweet breakfast is served daily in your room.
The property offers conference and function rooms.
The Nežárka River is only 50 metres away and the spa town Třeboň is 19 km from the property.
Shuttle services are available for a surcharge.
Hotel Tunuyan is 200 metres from Juan Leon Torres park.
Alternatively, in-room dining is possible with room service.
Free WiFi access and an outdoor swimming pool are available in this holiday home.
A rich breakfast buffet is available every morning.
Bellingham’s historic Fairhaven District is 12 miles away.
It provides comfortable rooms equipped with air conditioning and free Wi-Fi.
Hotel Dali is located 7 km from San Rafael Airport.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
Free WiFi is offered throughout.
Some rooms have a shared bathroom.
Each apartment includes a flat-screen TV and sofas.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
This holiday home offers a spa bath and can accommodate up to eight guests.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
The marble bathrooms include free toiletries, shower facilities and hairdryers.
Appartamenti Isola Rossa is close to local shops and bars where you can enjoy your breakfast.
Featuring a shower, all 3 en suite bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
The beach is 1.5 km away.
It offers accommodation with free foosball, table tennis and a seasonal outdoor swimming pool.
The buffet breakfast offers a variety of tropical items.
It is now a modern meeting room.
Cooking facilities in your accommodation at Residence Le Minerve will include a microwave, a refrigerator and hotplates.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV. All rooms have a shared bathroom.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is available.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a fridge.
Other services available at the villa include BBQ facilities.
Triglav National Park is 15 km away and the Adriatic Sea can be reached within 70 km from the property.
The city of Melbourne is a 2.5-hour drive away.
You can access Antalya Airport after a 1-hour drive.
The kitchens have an oven, fridge and microwave.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Popular activities in and around Poza de la Sal include hiking and hunting.
The have a refrigerator and a bathroom with shower.
A microwave, a fridge and kitchenware are also provided.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, with grocery delivery and packed lunches available on request.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
Igman Mountain is 25 kilometers away, while Bjelašnica Mountain with skiing opportunities is 50 km away.
A microwave oven and coffee-making facilities are included.
You can play a game of table tennis and pool at Himeros Club Hotel.
Breda is 31 km from Bungalowpark Vogelenzang.
Kievskiy Train Station is 7 metro stops away.
The Armes blends comfort and charm in typical French fashion.
Private parking is free.
Parking is free at Hotel Relais Palazzo di Luglio.
Spirit Lake Municipal Airport is 3 km away.
Linen and towels are provided.
It features unobstructed town views, wood-carved ornaments and a restaurant.
Guests can relax on the shared terrace.
Breakfast is offered every morning.
At Diamant Beach you will find a garden.
Each room is equipped with a seating area and some come with a sofa bed.
Guests can take ferries to the Aran Islands 30 km away.
The rooms feature air conditioning, a TV and a fridge.
The on-site restaurant offers local specialities and other Chinese dishes.
The bathroom is supplied with a hairdryer and towels.
Lamb meals are available.
It offers spacious accommodation with a private balcony overlooking the sea.
With a city view, rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
The hotel also features in-room flat-screen TVs and daily buffet breakfast.
Each offers a private furnished patio, along with cooking hobs and a coffee machine.
Located in Alacati’s centre, this quaint hotel is 150 metres from Kemalpasa Street.
Guests are welcome to use a Finnish sauna and relax in a hot tub.
Other activities in the area area include hiking.
The property is 2.5 km from Palais des Festivals de Cannes.
You can enjoy sea pool views.
Laundry service is provided.
Traditional Sri-Lankan style of cooking using natural firewood is also available.
They are fitted with a kitchen, complete with dining area, a living room and a cable TV.
Guests can relax in the common living room or cook in the shared kitchen.
The camp site itself offers activities such as petanque, tennis and mini golf.
A TV is provided in each room at Armstrong Inn.
Daily breakfast is served as an open buffet.
You may find a lot of local eateries in the surroundings.
Various dining options can be found within a 1-minute walk of the property.
Varna is 25 km away.
Dubrovnik Airport is located 4 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
It includes a fully equipped kitchen, cable TV and a furnished terrace.
A breakfast is provided each morning at La Fontaine.
Two parking places are available on the plot.
The room balconies offer great views.
The kitchenette is fitted with an oven. A flat-screen TV is provided.
Free shuttle service to Seißer Alm is available.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Offering on-site dining, this hotel features comfortably furnished rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi is available.
Pool heating is available at an extra cost.
It takes around 20 minutes by car to Wusu International Airport.
Room service is also available.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
MayaLiam Bungalows features free WiFi throughout the property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The property is home to chickens and ducks and guest can relax in the garden with BBQ facilities.
Wander Inn Backpackers is 5 minutes’ drive from Mangrove Boardwalk and the Dolphin Discovery Centre.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
Set in a private and peaceful surroundings, each chalet features a balcony, seating and outdoor dining areas.
Rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Some rooms come with air-conditioning.
Each room has a flat-screen TV. The rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
They have Provencal-style decor and a private bathroom with bathtub and hairdryer.
Each bright room has a balcony or terrace.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Guests are welcome to relax in the Snug after dinner with a drink or a coffee.
The property offers free parking.
The house has 4 bathrooms, 2 of which have a bath and a shower.
Brindisi Papola Airport is 15 minutes away by car.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels and DVD player is available.
Free on-site car and truck parking is provided.
Juanda Airport in Surabaya is 3 hours’ drive away from the property.
Guests can also access BBQ facilities on site.
There is a pedestrian path along the river for runners and cyclists.
The hotel serves a daily breakfast which includes products for celiacs.
Hotel Zlaten Prsten is located in Peštani and 50 metres away from Lake Ohrid.
Rooms come with a TV, safety deposit box and free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi is available.
The Jaipur Airport is 12 km away.
Private parking is available on site.
Herold is 1.3 km from Place Masséna and 1.7 km from Cours Saleya.
Located in Gelendzhik, Guest House U Katyuni features an outdoor pool and a sauna.
Guests can take a shower in the private bathroom.
Next to the pool, guests can enjoy a terrace with sun loungers, a dining table and BBQ facilities.
The ancient town of Korčula and its ferry port are 15 minutes' drive from the property.
There is also a beauty centre.
Xietaizi subway station is a 10-minute walk away.
The bathrooms provide a hairdryer.
Sudak is 25 km from MIni-Pension "SUNHOTEL", while Feodosiya is 14 km from the property.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
Jagaditha Villas is a 10-minute drive from Sanur Beach and a 20-minute drive from Denpasar City.
Parking is free and provided on site.
The Baden 18-hole golf course is 250 meters away.
The knowledgeable staff is another characteristic that highlights the quality of this hotel.
Rooms here have air conditioning, a flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi.
Qianyuqianxun Hostel offers affordable accommodation in Suzhou. This property is 1.7 km from Guanqian Street.
It has an open plan kitchen including a stove, microwave and refrigerator.
Zadar Airport is 6 km away.
It offers free WiFi and free public parking, set opposite the building.
Queen Beatrix Airport is 8 km from the property.
Zadar Airport is at a distance of 11 km and shuttle service can be organised at a surcharge.
It features a sun terrace, a ski storage room, and a children’s playground.
Achko Enia offers apartments located a 15-minute walk from Biarritz centre and Great Beach.
The nearest airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 7 km from the property.
Maidan Nezalezhnosti Square is less than 1 km from the property.
Views of downtown Spokane are included.
A 10-minute drive from Antasari Business District, Harion Hostel Syariah houses a 24-hour restaurant.
With vast view of the countryside this property offers an outdoor pool surrounded by lawn.
The property offers free parking.
At Topanga there is free private parking on site.
The apartment is located on the ground floor and comes with a bathroom and a kitchen.
Its garden is equipped with barbecue facilities.
Gazipasa Airport is 90 km away.
All rooms have a TV with cable channels.
There are 2 restaurants and a bar.
The accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a terrace.
Air conditioning is available in some units.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bath or shower.
The en suite bathroom includes a bidet and a shower.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
Loft Inn Shaoguan Fengcai Road Branch offers accommodation in Shaoguan.
Staff at the 24-hour reception can provide information about what to see and do in Madrid.
The private bathroom include a hairdryer.
All villas include a terrace, LCD TV, and a refrigerator.
Towels and bed linen are available at Apartment Pepo.
The rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath.
Parking is free at the hotel.
Homemade dishes can be served at an extra charge on request.
There is a shared bathroom with a shower in the main house.
Free Wi-Fi and a daily breakfast are also provided.
Guests can also visit the en-suite beauty salon.
The closest restaurant is only 200 metres from the property and a grocery shop can be found 4 km away.
Free parking is available on site.
Saint Isaac's Cathedral is 9 km from Apartments Kakadu 4, while Admiralty Building is 9 km away.
All rooms at Palmalife Bodrum Resort & Spa feature a balcony and minibar.
Guests are provided with fully-equipped kitchens which come complete with a dishwasher and microwave.
Hotel Odyssey is quietly situated in the centre of Ruse.
Warsaw Old Town with many restaurants and cafés is just a 12-minute drive away.
It offers a balcony with stunning views to the Aegean Sea and the famous sunset.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
Bathrooms come with a shower, bathrobe and hairdryer.
All rooms at Hotel Grüne Au are decorated with traditional wooden furniture.
Some rooms can also accommodate guests with reduced mobility.
Ponte Vecchio is a 10-minute walk from San Niccolò Apartment.
Laundry facilities and free parking are also available.
Some units have views of the garden or city.
Free wired internet connection is also provided.
Peebles Golf Club is less than 3 miles from the building.
Murtala Muhammed International Airport is 30 minutes' drive away.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
There is also a laundry and an airport shuttle.
All guest rooms feature traditional décor and a private bathroom with shower.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
A 24-hour front desk welcomes guests to the Marion Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 14 km from Karlsson House.
It features a garden and a small animal farm on site.
Complete with a dishwasher, the dining area also has a microwave and an oven.
Puigcerdá is 40 minutes’ drive away and Andorra is 52 km away.
Guests also enjoy a children's playground, a lovely garden and fruit trees.
The San Carlo Opera House is 1-minute walk away.
Mina Gerais is a new hotel situated in the heart of Ouro Preto ́s historical centre.
The functional rooms are decorated with wooden furniture.
Other facilities include a tour desk and DVD library at the reception.
Featuring a bath, the bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
The Suites feature private balconies offering Caribbean Ocean views.
At Jewar Al Mashaer Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Rooms at Bee Lanta Garden are fitted with a private balcony and hardwood furniture.
Other facilities offered include a laundry service.
The centre of Puerto del Carmen is less than 2 km away.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with towels.
Bathrooms are shared at RocknRoll.
Their private bathroom includes a shower.
This self-catering accommodation features free Wi-Fi throughout the property.
The cottages at Les Palmeres feature tiled floors and simple décor.
Free limited parking is available.
Guests can use either shared or private bathroom facilities.
Ergo Arena is just a short walk away.
For guests who feel like visiting the surroundings, Whitby Train Station and The Dracula Experience are less than a mile away.
Room service is also available.
The nearest airport is Milan Linate Airport, 8 km from B&B La Terrazza Sul Quartiere Isola.
Travel arrangements and ticket purchases can be made at the tour desk.
Breakfast is a varied buffet, and can be also served in your room.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
The nearest supermarket is just 200 metres away from Apartmani Marinka Viskovic.
Some units feature a seating area and/or balcony.
Featuring free WiFi, Wonderful in Rome offers accommodation in Rome.
The medieval centre of Brasov as well as the train station is 2 km away.
This country house is 6 km from Marrakech-Menara Airport.
Featuring a fitness centre and wellness area, Eurocongressi Hotel is just 5 km from Lake Garda and 1 km from the centre of Cavaion Veronese.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.You can engage in various activities, such as horse riding and fishing.
Your free breakfast To-Go can be found on the first floor and is included in the price of the reservation.
Each comprises a private bathroom.
Both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 20 metres of the property.
The Aeolian Museum is 900 metres away.
A barbecue facility and 24-hour room service are also supplied.
Kemcomfort Leningradskiy 24 offers accommodation in Kemerovo.
It offers rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The staff will readily assist you with arranging excursions and guided tours.
Free WiFi is available .
At Top Old City Vilnius Apartments guests can prepare meals in the privacy of their apartment.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
The younger guests will enjoy the on-site children’s playground and swing set.
There is a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge and hairdresser's at the property.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
At Casa Bela Vista there are barbecue facilities.
In front of the hotel there is a beautiful beach.
Queensland Raceway is a 10-minute drive away.
Both have access to a bathroom with bath and a hairdryer.
The restaurant offers both regional and international dishes.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning and front desk is open 24 hours.
Guests can relax with a light meal or a drink in The Folly Lounge Bar.
A swimming pool and free sun loungers are provided at Hotel Vedren.
The hotel is a 5-minute walk from La Scala Theatre and Via Montenapoleone shopping street.
Asprovalta Town is a 12-minute drive away.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven. A refrigerator and coffee machine are also available.
Minsk Train Station is 26.5 km away, and Minsk National Airport is 29.6 km from VIP Raubichi Holiday Home.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.
Some rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
The property offers apartments with a balcony and air conditioning.
This holiday home is 12 km from Aarhus Airport.
In addition there is soon to be a spa area with sauna and jacuzzi.
The restaurant with its charming terrace serves delicious Hungarian and international cuisine.
The rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV.
A fitness centre and a computer station in the lobby are also available.
Burgau Train Station is 2.5 km away.
Santiago International Airport is located 47 km away.
A continental breakfast is available every morning.
There is also a shared lounge, a snack bar, and a children's playground.
The Williamsburg Winery is 16 minutes away.
Each chalet accommodation is equipped with a kitchenette, en suite bathroom and a terrace with garden furniture.
The nearest airport is Ankara Esenboga Airport, 26 km from Seven Deep Hotel.
Punta Cana International Airport is 23 km away.
Bathroom facilities are private or shared.
The bathroom and toilets are shared.
A private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
Piazza Maggiore square is a 10-minute drive from the Dinette.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Three-Bedroom House in Clear Creek.
The hotel prides itself on providing friendly and efficient service.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Lockable bicycle parking is also available.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
At Vörösmál Vendégház you will find barbecue facilities.
Hotel Renato is a 15-minute walk from Sesto San Giovanni Train Station.
The private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
Varna Airport is 24 km from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
Breakfast and other meals are served in the canteen.
Tayny Okeana Aquarium is 1.2 km from Apartment Larisa.
Located in Budva, Guest House Grubor features self-catering accommodation with free WiFi access.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
S2S Resort Bangkok is a 30-minute drive from Suvarnabhumi Airport.
Ustica's centre is just 1 km from the hotel.
The complex has a café-bar and a concierge service.
A children’s playground, free bikes and free Wi-Fi access are at your disposal on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Kyriad’s restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The hotel is situated on the road followed by pilgrims on their way to Saint Jacques de Compostelle.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for snorkelling.
A variety of restaurants and shops lies within walking distance from the property.
The hotel also offers car hire.
Rooms at Mamma Cusco Hostel feature a seating area and a private bathroom.
Guests can enjoy local cuisine at the onsite restaurant.
Extras include a sofa and complimentary bed linen and towels.
Free private parking is available on site.
Sharm El-Sheikh International Airport is located 8 km from the property.
A complimentary continental breakfast is served each morning.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player, as well as a smartphone docking station are provided.
There is also a barbecue.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the business centre.
You can engage in various activities, such as golfing and cycling.
Austin city centre is a 30 minutes' drive away.
The hill station of Manali is 3.8 km, the Hadimba Devi Temple is 5.1 km and the town of Kullu is 39.3 km.
Shops and restaurants can be found within 500 metres from the Benevia’s apartments.
You can reserve poolside sun loungers, which is recommended.
You can prepare meals using the accommodation’s kitchen, which is fully equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and a dining area.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, with grocery delivery available on request. The property also offers mini-market.
Mayak Inn offers accommodation in Sukhaya.
Bed linen is included.
A microwave and refrigerator are provided upon request.
The hotel is located 600 metres from the beach and a 20-minute walk from Side.
Room service options are also available.
A cooking plate is available during reception hours.
The billiard table is available upon request.
The nearest restaurant and a grocery store are a 7-minute walk away.
Private bathrooms come with a bathtub.
Currency exchange and car rental can be arranged.
There is a washing machine and ironing facilities are provided.
A bus stop is only 5 metres away.
Room service is available for 24 hour.
Oludeniz Beach is just a 5-minute drive from Cennet Hotel.
Storage for 2 bicycles is available on request.
Laundry facilities are available.
Other massages and beauty treatments are also available on request.
Guests can enjoy a selection of international dishes at Julia Mía restaurant overlooking the garden and outdoor swimming pool.
You will also find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Beto Avila Stadium is 4.3 km from Residencial Amara.
Minsk National Airport is 41 km from Hospitality.by Apartments.
Some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Some rooms also include a balcony.
The accommodation is fitted with a seating area.
Hiking and cycling are popular in the surrounding countryside.
There is a surfboard store and drying room on site for sport and leisure equipment.
An en suite bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries are included.
Free car and boat parking is provided.
There is a gift shop at the property.
Featuring a hairdryer, private bathroom also comes with slippers.
Breakfast is served in the breakfast room.
All units include a kitchen, dining area and a flat-screen TV.
You will also find a sauna and small gym.
Surat Thani Airport is 19 km from the property.
Free coffee, tea and cookies are available to guests 24/7 in the lobby.
Some are equipped with a kitchen for the preparation of meals.
A Starbucks is located on site.
Overlooking Tenby’s golden South Beach, The Panorama has magnificent sea views towards Caldey Island.
It offers its guests daily breakfast included with the rate.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walk of the property.
A shuttle service can be booked.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include a business centre and meeting rooms.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is offered.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport is Split Airport, 15 km from the property.
The property offers free parking.
Schwertfegerhaeuschen offers free WiFi and a historic inner courtyard.
Offering free private parking, it has a garden, a shared terrace, and rooms with air conditioning.
Guests are provided free on-site private parking.
The hotel also offers a skittles alley, tennis courts and a squash court.
The kitchen includes a microwave and a coffee machine.
A buffet breakfast is served.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
They are decorated with modern furnishings and have an en suite bathroom with free toiletries.
The property is sitting right at the start of the Pennine Way National Trail.
Almeria is 65 km from the property and Mojacar is 20 km away.
It offers free parking, free Wi-Fi and an Italian restaurant.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Many include a private balcony.
Matthias Church is 2.3 km from Szeréna Guest House, while Chain Bridge is 2.8 km away.
Other facilities include a sun terrace.
The train stops at Roma Ostiense Train Station, located 1 km from the b&b.
The living room comes with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and sofas.
Free private parking is available on site.
Rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
Free private parking is available at Condominios Adriana.
Guests will be able to cook their meals indoors or outdoors.
The property features free WiFi throughout the property.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
Tbilisi International Airport is 140 km away.
Offering a flat-screen TV, all rooms come with air conditioning and a wardrobe.
The kitchenette has a microwave and there is a private bathroom.
The kitchenette is equipped with an oven.
It offers an outdoor pool and rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Guests are welcome to use produce from the garden and orchard.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Locally sourced ingredients are used wherever possible to create the home-cooked food.
Gioiosa Marea and its crystal-clear beaches is a 45-minute from the property.
It offers free Wi-Fi.
An 8-minute drive to Mahdia Museum, the hotel is a 9-minute drive from Mahdia Railway Station.
Residence Inn Chattanooga provides daily housekeeping as well as a grocery shopping service.
A ski storage room is also available.
The restaurant at Su Solianu serves Sardinian specialities.
Situated 2.3 km from Old Nesebar in Nesebar, this apartment features a terrace.
Inn EuroSpa offers a variety of massage services including aromatherapy and couples.
Lien An Hotel features modern rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The hotel offers free private parking on site and free Wi-Fi access.
Sobornaya square and Korpusniy garden are 550 meters away.
Ever room includes a TV, a refrigerator and a private bathroom.
Grocers and shops can be found within a walking distance.
Breakfast and dinner are served in at the dining area.
At Hikks Villa you will find barbecue facilities.
Its well-designed rooms are provided with free Wi-Fi.
Every room includes a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
Every room is equipped with a private bathroom.
Beijing Capital International Airport is a 1-hour drive away.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
The large swimming pool is surrounded by tropical landscaped gardens with a waterfall.
Only 2 km from Cook Park, Shengang Apartment features self-contained accommodation with free Wi-Fi and a kitchen.
Room service is also available upon request.
The property also features a washing machine.
Free Wi-Fi is offered throughout.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven. A refrigerator and kettle are also available.
At Gasthof Adler you will find a terrace.
Guests can benefit from free Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Laundry facilities and meeting rooms are also available.
The town centre can be reached in a 5-minute walk and tennis courts area 600 metres from the property.
Kassiopi centre is 400m from the complex.
Sanya Railway Station is a 15-minute drive away.
A heated outdoor pool and a hot tub are featured.
Hostal Docar is located in the centre of Lerma.
Apartments come with a kitchen, dining area and living room.
An airport shuttle service can be also be arranged at a charge.
Bell Air Hotel is 6.5 km from the centre of Alexandroupolis and 7 km from Alexandroupolis Port.
Other facilities offered include meeting facilities and luggage storage.
Enjoy a swim in the outdoor pool or dine at the onsite restaurant at Noah's Mid City Motor Inn Muswellbrook.
Bed linen is provided.
For the convenience of those who drive, parking is free.
Guests can relax on the terrace. There is also a shared kitchen.
The hotel is less than 15 km from the famous Blue Lagoon Beach.
The bathroom is private, has a shower and hairdryer, and offers toiletries.
Each unit has a fully equipped kitchen or a kitchenette.
Air-conditioned rooms include a wardrobe and carpeted floors.
The kitchen includes a microwave, fridge, toaster, coffee maker and a gas hob.
Each one comes with a dining table and a private bathroom.
The resort is 14 km from Chaweng Beach.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
There is also a fitness centre.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
A buffet breakfast is prepared every morning at this hotel.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and toiletries.
Local restaurants can be reached within a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
On Friday, Saturday and Sunday, dinner can be organised on request.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Perpignan Airport is 40 km from the hotel.
Guests can enjoy international gourmet dishes in à la carte restaurant L'Ecureuil.
There is also a spa bath or a terrace in some rooms.
The kitchenette has a dishwasher.
Palladium Shopping Centre can be reached within 400 metres.
Light meals, tapas and cakes are available from the cafeteria.
The property offers free tea and coffee.
The property offers free parking.
All units include a cable flat-screen TV.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is available.
Anfi Tauro Golf Course is just 5 minutes’ drive away from Marina Suites.
Laundry services and taxi services can be arranged for an additional cost.
The apartments feature a living area with flat-screen TV and kitchenette.
Tuvesvik is 95 km from the city of Gothenburg.
Balti Jaam Railway Station is 1 km away.
Packed lunches are available.
Chinatown is 13 minutes’ walk away.
Bed and Breakfast Casa Gea is 6 km from Milan Malpensa Airport.
A daily breakfast buffet is available to guests of Ringhotel Gutshof Sparow.
There is also a disco-bar on site.
The property offers a free shuttle service.
The private bathroom comes with a shower, bidet and hairdryer.
Only 300 metres from the Mediterranean Sea, Sesam Apart Hotel is located in Alanya.
Free WiFi access is available.
There is a gym and sauna, and massage is available.
Some of the apartments have a washing machine and ironing facilities.
Golf enthusiasts will find the Pestana and the Oceânico Golf Courses within 8 km.
Every room includes a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
Arbatskaya Metro Station is a 4-minute walk from the Philipp Guest House.
The vibrant centre of Cesme is 9 km from the property.
Breakfast is available upon request, while "soup of the day" is complimentary.
Mogren Beach is 4.1 km from Apartment Lux, while Jaz Beach is 6 km from the property.
It has been in the family for over 35 years and has direct access to the ski slopes.
Bangla Road is 1.2 km from Blue Light Residence, while Phuket Simon Cabaret is 1.2 km from the property.
Breakfast is available in the restaurant and includes a variety of sweet and savoury products.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
The property offers free parking.
It also offers omelettes, homemade breads and deli cakes.
They overlook the surrounding natural landscape.
Parking nearby is available on request.
Each room is fitted with a private bathroom.
This 9-storey apart hotel was inaugurated in 2007 in the Palermo district of Buenos Aires.
Room service is available.
Various cafes and bars are a 15-minute walk from Obolon Hotel.
SeaWorld, Universal Studios and MGM Studios are minutes away. A number of shopping centers and restaurants are also located within walking distance of the hotel.
The property offers free parking.
It features a day spa, a swimming pool and free kayak rental.
Other facilities like grocery deliveries, chef service, dry cleaning and an ironing service are offered.
Double Rooms are equipped with a fan and a balcony.
Agios Lazaros Square is 1 km from Pool Apartment, while Finikoudes Promenade is 1.3 km away.
A shuttle service is available to the airport (fees apply).
Breakfast is served in the Encantada’s dining room, located on the hotel’s top floor.
Spacious suites feature a living and dining area and cable TV.
Staff can arrange transfers as well as bus and boat tours.
Each room features a minibar, cable TV and a bathroom with shower or bath tub.
Free public parking is available on site.
There is a dining area and a kitchen.
A grocery store and some bars can be found within a 50 metres from the property.
This self-catering accommodation is 3 km from Lusaka Golf Club.
It is 5 miles from Miami Art Museum and 11 miles from Miami International Airport.
Extras include a hairdryer.
It includes a TV and toaster.
A bus stop is within 200 metres and the Sněžka Peak is 7 km away.
An oven, a refrigerator and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The property has a self-service laundry room open 24 hours a day and a gym.
A flat-screen TV is available.
There are two private bathrooms which both come with a shower.
Some units feature a dining area and/or balcony.
The nearest airport is Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport, 9 km from Orange Hotel, Sungai Buloh.
Guests can enjoy massage treatments on site.
Sleep Train Amphitheatre is 17 miles away.
Leos Janacek Airport is 21 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
Restaurants can be found within 150 metres.
Davras Skiing Centre is 26 km away.
Private bathrooms also come with towels.
Free private parking is available on site.
The bathroom features bathrobes and slippers.
The nearest airport is Kazan International Airport, 25 km from the property.
Kbal Chhay Waterfall is a 1-hour drive away.
There are also 2 bathrooms, both equipped with a shower cabin.
It has a restaurant, a bar and rooms with en suite facilities.
Free WiFI is available at BearlinCity Apartments - City Center West.
The resort also offers car hire.
Relax on your double bed and read a newspaper.
This hotel offers free local transfer services, an indoor pool and fitness centre.
Djamezz Lumbung also includes a sun terrace.
The property is located a 10-minute drive from Federico Fellini International Airport.
Travel and ticketing arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Visitors at the Provincetown Elephant Walk Inn can enjoy a glass of wine in the afternoon.
Garage parking is available on site.
Free on-site parking is provided.
Recharge with a game of mini golf or tennis at the shared tennis court.
Its wellness centre includes a pool with hydromassage features and gym.
Kerizara Baserria is located in Ochandiano.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
B&B Paradizier is 8 km from the motorway and 13 km from Durbuy.
Crocodile Park is 1 km from MS Aguamarina Suites, while Aqualand Torremolinos is 1.2 km from the property.
There is one meeting room, with the hotel able to accommodate 20 people for conferences.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
Monfalcone is a 25-minute drive away.
Rooms are fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet, with slippers provided.
The property offers free parking.
A sweet and savoury breakfast is available daily.
They also have a full-wall mirror and a coffee maker.
Baggies Backpackers Angel features a communal lounge, a TV room and a fully equipped communal kitchen.
La Spezia is a 20-minute drive away.
Guests at Ibis Guimarães can enjoy a breakfast buffet each morning.
Guest rooms at Hôtel de la Mer are equipped with a TV, telephone and free Wi-Fi internet access.
Other facilities at Apartment on Dlinnaya 50 include a terrace.
Later, guests can head to the bar to enjoy a cocktail.
During summer, guests can rent boats or enjoy a swim at the private beach area.
It offers easy access to Afonso Pena International Airport, 18 km away.
Sepulveda is 12 minutes’ drive away.
All rooms have air conditioning and free parking is available.
Some also feature a telephone and microwave.
Towels and bed linen are available at Moradia Rústica.
Leko Apartments provides guests with a private terrace.
It offers a sweet breakfast and accommodation with allergy-free rooms.
Mariquita Airport is 53 km away.
Patta serves fine selections of Thai and International cuisines.
The two-bedroom accommodation will provide a cable TV, free WiFi and a ghetto blaster.
It also features a furnished terrace.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and horse riding.
There is also an on-site mini-market and a bar with a DJ.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
A full English breakfast is available in the morning, and evening meals are also served.
The property offers free parking.
The hotel is decorated with wood and warm colours.
At Village Hwangnamguan Hanok, you will find a garden, a terrace and a cafe/bar.
The restaurant has an inviting summer terrace and serves traditional Romanian cuisine.
The six-bedroom accommodation is provided with satellite-TV, a terrace and a seating area.
There is a seating area and a kitchen.
Each room offers air conditioning.
The town of Gradac is 9 km away from Glavina Apartments.
Vitoria Airport is 45 minutes' drive away.
The property also offers luggage and ski storage.
Ample parking and valet cleaning services are provided on the premises for added guest convenience.
The property also offers spacious dormitory rooms with lots of natural light.
The private bathroom has a bath or shower.
Guests benefit from terrace.
All rooms have plenty of natural light, and are fitted with a DVD player.
The centre city of Ghent is 15 km away from De Meetjes.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher.
This holiday home is 64 km from Billund Airport.
It is 3 km from the port and St. Anastasia Cathedral and Bell Tower.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
Set in Weligama, Villa Weli features a garden and outdoor pool.
Rajang Lobby Lounge features drinks, accompanied with music.
Motorway access is right next to the villa, and it can be used for quick connections to the city centre by car.
Wi-Fi in the entire property and free Wi-Fi are provided here.
All rooms and facilities are spread over 3 buildings connected by underground corridors.
Some rooms also offer river views.
Budva's old town is 1.5 km away and the bus station is 1 km from Hotel Aquamarin.
The property can assist with car and bicycle rentals.
All guest rooms include a fridge and coffee machine.
You can play squash at the homestay.
They have basic furnishings and include a desk and wardrobe.
Free indoor parking is available on site.
Guest can enjoy a breakfast in the morning included in the rate.
It offers self-catering accommodation with sea views and free WiFi.
The shared kitchen is equipped with acoffee machine and kitchenware.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
On-site dining is available at McKenzie's Grille, serving breakfast and lunch daily.
Garden City Travelodge serves buffet breakfast every morning.
Free WiFi access is available in all guest rooms.
Guests can enjoy garden views from the patio.
Free WiFi access is available.
Heraklion International Airport is 25 km away.
The nearest airport is Da Nang International Airport, 5 km from the property.
It offers a free parking and free Wi-Fi on site.
Castro Marina can be reached by a shuttle stopping nearby.
The property's kitchen is fitted with an oven, a stove top, a dishwasher and tea and coffee making facilities.
Each room at Staroyamskaya Hotel is decorated in an elegant style with carpeted floors.
Located in Moscow, MaxRelaxApartment offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi. Guests benefit from balcony.
All rooms come with a flat-screen TV. You will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room.
Other facilities offered include a laundry.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 31 km from Apartments on Fedora Abramova 16.
San Bernardino International Airport is 60 minutes’ drive away.
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
All rooms have a TV and a private bathroom.
Guests are offered air-conditioned accommodation with a DVD player.
Free public parking is available.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
The Mangalore Airport is 138 km away.
Rio Yambala is only 4 minutes’ walk away.
A 24-hour reception greets guests of Inn Rainbow.
City views can be enjoyed from the balcony.
Lake Balaton is 10 km away.
The bathroom features a shower.
Ocean Shores Golf Course is 5 minutes’ drive from Ocean Shores Motel.
Some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax. You will find a kettle in the room.
Alize Studio Homes is located in Kadikoy, just 500 metres from Kadikoy Ferry Port.
Tea and coffee-making facilities are provided.
The restaurant serves local specialities including homemade foie gras.
Hotel Zenu is located in Monteria, just steps away from the Sinu River.
In warmer weather enjoy dinner on the terrace, with views over the marina.
Fax and photocopying services are available in the business centre.
Lifted off the ground, the wooden bungalows are located in the forest, surrounded by tall trees.
It is just 5 km from McCarran International Airport.
Pienza is 10 km away.
Bathrooms come with a bath or a shower.
At Genipabu Praia Hotel you will find a 24-hour reception, a garden and a terrace.
There is also a dartboard.
Some rooms also offer a balcony and air conditioning.
You can also explore the surrounding mountainous countryside, using Ronda as a base.
Pamukkale is 28 km from the hotel.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
The property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
Palace Jasmine is 15 km from Trivandrum International Airport.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, a fridge and air conditioning.
A yacht port can be reached in 700 metres.
Featuring free WiFi, Easy Housing offers accommodation in Prague.
Bed linen is provided.
The guest rooms at Hotel Red Strela all have parquet floors and high ceilings.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Music and dance evenings on the roof terrace are organised on a regular basis.
The accommodation has a dining area and seating area with a flat-screen TV.
3 restaurants are located within the Swiss Holiday Park.
The church of Sagrada Familia is 2 km from Best In Bcn .
Outdoor cooking and lounging areas are provided.
This hotel is 800 metres from the beach and a 2-minute walk from Etretat Casino.
There are both cooked and continental options, and outside seating is also available.
Each room also features a private outdoor shower area.
It houses a restaurant that serves Indian, Chinese and continental delights.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free WiFi is available.
There are a number of shops and restaurants within easy reach in Braga.
There is also a banquet hall.
There is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit.
You will find room service at the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Boutique Apartman.
A lounge bar and 24-hour snack shop are also available at the hotel.
Howard Kitchen offers a variety of breads, cakes and desserts.
It features an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi in public areas.
The house is also equipped with a washing machine.
The Boqueria Market is less than 5 minutes’ walk away.
You can engage in various activities, such as fishing and hiking.
The apartment is 5 km from Vyšehrad.
Each room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a TV with satellite channels.
Guests can benefit from free WiFi, an air conditioning system and a common kitchen.
Tucson International Airport is 5 miles away.
Guests can take a shower in the private bathroom.
Many shops and cafés are located nearby.
The nearest airport is Venice Marco Polo Airport, 8 km from the property.
The cable car to Bielerhöhe Pass is also within 500 metres.
The nearest airport is Kuching Airport, 27 km from Guesthouse Selang.
The property features free WiFi access.
A supermarket for the general supplies is located 200 metres away and a restaurant can be found within 100 metres from the property.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
Guests can use the shared kitchen.
Shared and private bathrooms come with a shower.
Simple breakfast of toast and coffee is offered at the dining room at an extra charge.
At Dom Wypoczynkowy Halina you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Each apartment comes with a private bathroom.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
At City Rooms NYC – SoHo, guests will find a 24-hour front desk.
It offers a restaurant, an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi in public areas.
Each has a private bathroom with a shower.
Nearly all also feature a balcony.
Near the premises guests can find free public parking.
Free public parking is possible nearby.
Rooms at the Hotel Hirsch will provide you with cable TV, a balcony and an en suite bathroom with hairdryer.
Hotel Quinta Do Serrado offers rooms with a balcony with stunning views of the surrounding landscape.
The bedrooms are linked via a staircase, with the second being on a mezzanine.
The property is a 15-minute walk from the historical centre.
Ski lifts can be reached by car in 5 to 15 minutes.
Free internet access is available in public areas.
The nearest airport is Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport, 3 km from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
Located in central Bandung, Mutiara Hotel is 800 metres from Braga City Walk.
Chinese dishes are freshly served at the on-site restaurant.
Paulaner Restaurant and Bar serves Bavarian cuisine and a selection of beer.
Free Wi-Fi is available and you can park for free on the street.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
You can enjoy city view.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 13 km from Apartment Novo-Aleksandrovskaya.
Lemon Hotel - Rouen is located in Le Mesnil Esnard, 5.6km from Rouen Airport.
The apartment is 4.3 km away from Dodger Stadium.
This hotel is located a 1-hour drive from Geneva.
Clérigos Tower and the iconic Lello Bookstore are a 10-minute walk away.
Catering services are available for meetings and events.
The bathroom has shower in it.
The constructivist-style Derzhprom Building is 3 Metro stops from the hotel.
It offers free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour front desk.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a games room.
The hotel has a 9-hole golf course, along with a putting green and a driving range.
Some of the rooms have a balcony overlooking the city.
They are either furnished in modern Alpine style.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
You can enjoy city view.
Guests can enjoy the 25 m2 terrace.
Le Victor Hugo is a 2-minute walk from the town centre and the Port de Plaisance.
Live music is available on Fridays and Saturdays.
Some units also have a kitchen, fitted with an oven and microwave.
Bed linen and towels are provided on request.
The Chippewa Nature Center is less than 20 minutes’ drive away.
A washing machine is also provided.
A washing machine and ironing facilities are also available.
Includes an en suite bathroom featuring a flat-screen TV.
All units have a satellite flat-screen TV.
It offers a 24-hour room service, free parking and free Wi-Fi access.
You can enjoy a pool view and a garden view from the room.
Free WiFi is provided and free public parking is possible nearby the building.
CasaTerra also has a terrace and laundry facilities.
Other facilities at Villa Aristoteles include a sun terrace.
Guests can work in the business centre or use the laundry facilities.
Guests can enjoy treatments in the spa & wellness centre, and there is also a sauna and free WiFi access is available.
Guests can use the swimming pools and a wellness centre at the nearby Corinthia Hotel.
Select rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Each mobile home comes with a diving equipment storage.
It boasts an outdoor swimming pool, a sun terrace and a bar.
All the apartments at Qasr Al Mosaidya are decorated in modern tones.
The attached bathroom comes with shower facilities and toiletries.
Comfortable apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in Klaipėda.
It offers an airport and area shuttle and rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The Cowboys Stadium, home to the Dallas Cowboys football team, is 20 miles away.
Local specialities are served in the on-site restaurant.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Some come with a living area and a washing machine.
Rádpuszta medieval church ruin is 6 km from Boathouse Balatonlelle.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
Apartamenty Sun&Snow Kościelisko Residence is located in Kościelisko and offers a mountain view.
Guests can enjoy the restaurant’s lounge area, featuring cocktails and karaoke nights.
The kitchen is equipped with microwave and refrigerator.
The Courtyard also includes a terrace.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking.
Fuzhou Changle International Airport can be reached in 1 hour's car journey.
The unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and fridge.
Guests can relax on a terrace and enjoy breakfast on-site.
Marseille Provence Airport is located 12.6 km away.
Mountain views can be enjoyed on the terrace or in the garden.
Free WiFi is offered .
Rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
A laundry service is available.
Guests can make use of free WiFi access and free bikes.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Split Ferry Port, leading to the nearby islands, can also be found there.
All rooms have countryside views.
Gut Thailing Golf Club is 9 km away.
Extras include pay-per-view channels.
Daily breakfast is served in buffet style at Hotel Murat.
The Millstätter Lake is 30 km away.
Breakfast is provided each morning, and can even be brought to your room on request.
Each apartment includes the free use of a parasol, sun loungers and deckchairs.
The apartment includes a well-equipped kitchenette with oven and stovetop.
Kinsale is 49 km from The Castle, while Kenmare is 48 km from the property.
Östersund is 75 minutes’ drive away.
Choose from a number of bedding configurations.
The property offers free parking.
Bungalows also include a kitchen and a living area.
Free private parking is available on site.
Rawcliffe Bridge is close to the M18, M62, and M180 motorways.
A buffet breakfast is available every morning in the hotel’s dining room.
There is also a 1250 square meters natural plot outside.
The modern kitchen includes a hob, microwave, coffee maker and a washing machine.
The nearest airport is Palanga International Airport, 7 km from the property.
A selection of salads and local specialties is available.
Other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood-burning stove.
The Ahornbahn is just 300 metres from the premises.
Check in is at the owner's house.
During the summer months guests can barbecue in the hotel’s garden.
Holiday home Bækholmen Ebeltoft XI is located in Ebeltoft.
The nearest airport is U-Tapao International Airport, 28 km from the property.
Beach screens and deckchairs are also provided.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Select rooms include a view and club level access.
The staff at the tour desk can assist with making travel arrangements.
Royal Saskatchewan Museum is 3 km from Coachman Inn.
Canada's Wonderland is 20 minutes' drive from this property.
The Tamarit Apartments are situated in a quiet, residential area.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
Guests can relax in the pool area with views of the trees and the sea.
The restaurant shares a terrace with the hotel's café.
Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen TV and a terrace.
It features a variety of leisure facilities and 11 meeting rooms.
Batumi International Airport is 5 km away.
The city centre is a 5-minute walk away.
It boasts a private beach, 2 pools, 2 tennis courts and 1 night club.
It is 3 km from the local bus station and 300 km from Jammu Railway Station.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
A cable car, with panoramic views of the Elaphiti Islands, is 3.5 km away.
Dinosaur Provincial Park is 48 km from Tel Star Motor Inn.
A fan is also provided.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
Wired internet is provided on request.
Grandfather Mountain is 18.4 km away.
This stylish hotel offers an outdoor pool, an art gallery and free Wi-Fi.
Each unit comes with a furnished terrace and satellite TV.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Each room in Shumeijia Inn is fitted with a TV and an electric kettle.
The 24-hour front desk can help with luggage storage and currency exchange.
Free public parking is available at a nearby location.
There is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a private bathroom with a shower.
Happy Garden Restaurant serves a selection of Chinese cuisine.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
The ferry port and the main bus and train stations are 1.2 km away.
The guest house is a 5-minute walk from the Via Cola di Rienzo shopping street.
A buffet-style breakfast of sweet and savoury products is available.
National Stadium is located a 40-minute drive away.
The castles around Füssen lie only 20 km away.
Guests can relax in the outdoor hot tub or on the patio under the gazebo.
A selection of cocktails, spirits and local drinks are served at the garden bar.
Some bathrooms have a private bathroom with towels.
Tennis, mini golf and table tennis can be enjoyed in Astoria Hotel.
Bed And Breakfast Da Priscilla is 20 minutes’ drive from Sassari.
The unit fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and fridge.
Laundry and luggage storage services are provided at the 24-hour front desk.
Hotel Tsentralnaya features free WiFi .
During the day, Club Caribbean’s professional animation team is ready to keep everyone entertained.
A full kitchen equipped with a hob and oven is included in each modern apartment.
At Villa Valentin you will find barbecue facilities.
Free Wi-Fi is offered in public areas and some rooms.
The property features rooms with private or shared bathrooms.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this country house.
Certain rooms include views of the garden or city.
Guests may prepare their own meals at the property’s shared kitchen, equipped with oven with hobs.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
It provides spacious rooms with a seating area and free Wi-Fi throughout.
The Euphrasian Basilica is 700 metres from Apartman Esteral, while Porec Old Town is 700 metres away.
Each air-conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with sofas.
A 24-hour front desk and newspapers are at guest’s disposal.
Hova Hotel & Restaurant is 5 minutes’ walk from Hova Train Station.
The Lobby Lounge offers a variety of drinks.
Guests can work out in the gym or discover Porto by bike.
Free parking is available on site.
Some units have a terrace and/or patio with garden views.
Holiday home Skovstjernevej Spøttrup is located in Vadum.
Santiago International Airport is located 87 km away.
Rest and relaxation can be enjoyed in Tropenhaus Bansin's sauna.
There is also a fireplace in some rooms.
A flat-screen TV, washing machine, sofa are offered.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
Public bus stop is located just by the property.
At Hostel Zamość you will find a garden, a terrace and a shared kitchen.
Each has a private bathroom equipped with free toiletries.
Room service options are also available.
Traditional breakfast options are available at Gibtel Lodge’s cafe, with lunch and evening meals also provided.
A restaurant and a wellness area are featured on site.
The centres of Berlin and Potsdam can be reached in 40 minutes.
The property offers free parking.
Free sunbeds are available at the beach and free parking is possible on site.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven. A fridge and stovetop are also offered, as well as a kettle.
Some interconnecting rooms are available for groups of guests or families.
The bathroom comes with free toiletries.
Las Piedras offers free parking.
A fishing stream and a golf course are nearby.
Free parking is available on the plot.
Some have free Wi-Fi and a Jacuzzi.
Free WiFi access is available and free continental breakfast is served daily.
Los Angeles International Airport is 12 km from the property.
Viviendas Ferrer-Es Mal Pas also offer car rental services.
It offers bike rental and free Wi-Fi access.
Apartment Agmashenebeli is a self-catering accommodation located in Tbilisi.
Private bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
The nearest airport is Maharana Pratap Airport, 21 km from Brahma Niwas.
What's more, the cable cars are situated right next to the hotel so you can set off with your skis already on, to have fun on the snowy slopes!
Guests can take a dip in the pool or lounge around the sun terrace.
Casa Raúl offers a shared dining area and a lounge with a fireplace.
Other facilities offered include luggage storage.
The Colon offers simple, bright décor throughout.
The nearest airport is Al Massira Airport, 37 km from the property.
This one-bedroom country house will provide you with a TV, a seating area and a terrace.
A shared kitchen is at the guests' disposal at Deluxe Rooms Palazzo Drusko.
You will find valet parking at the property.
Some rooms come with a refrigerator and an electric kettle.
The bathroom offers natural daylight and a bathtub.
Restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance of the accommodation.
They are located in the quiet town of Walkenried in the scenic Harz region.
Free WiFi in public areas is available.
It offers an outdoor swimming pool and a spa with sauna and hammam.
Located in central London, Kilburn Apartments offers a self-catering apartment with free WiFi access throughout.
Free on-site parking is provided.
Apartments and Rooms Bilić is set only 300 metres from impressive Pula Roman Amphitheatre.
A rich buffet breakfast is provided each morning at the Holiday Inn Express.
Bangla Road and Jungceylon Shopping Center are just a 5-minute walk from Baan Tee Thai.
At Meryland you will find a garden and a shared kitchen.
Guests will find an indoor swimming pool and a sauna.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
Rooms at Vila Verde have pleasant pale cream interiors with country-style furnishings.
Located in Essaouira, Casa Naima is a 15-minute drive from the beach and the Medina.
Bahnhofsquartier is an ideal base for visiting the Therme Bad Wilsnack thermal baths, just 200 metres away.
There is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in every unit.
Some rooms offer beautiful views over Gelendzhik Bay.
At Hotel Pałacyk Konin you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace where you can relax.
The 100% smoke-free hotel features an indoor pool and suites with free Wi-Fi.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes and slippers.
River De Linge is 3 km away, while lake Slingelandse Plassen is 9 km.
Known as the Golden Cape, the popular Zlatni Rat beach area is just 1.5 km from Bolbeach Guesthouse.
Verbania is 15 km away.
Apartament Polanki is an apartment located in Gdańsk, 600 metres from University of Gdańsk.
It offers sweeping views of the city and lake from its rooftop swimming pool and panoramic fitness centre.
Dry cleaning and laundry services are available at additional charges.
Other dining options include coffee at Starbucks and freshly baked pastries at au bon pain bakery.
The restaurant serves daily breakfast in open buffet style.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
A wide range of wines and beers are provided at the bar.
Free Wi-Fi is provided.
Guest house Margarita features air-conditioned rooms which come with refrigerator and TV.
Rooms feature antique-inspired furnishings and free Wi-Fi.
Guests are free to relax by the pool or in the shared lounge.
Plenty of free parking is available.
Daily continental breakfast is available for an extra fee.
It has 3 tennis courts, a gym, and a restaurant.
There is a full kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
The beach is just 600 metres away.
A continental breakfast is served every morning.
Free WiFi access is available.
A sauna and massages are available on request.
The nearest grocery store is 300 metres away.
Free parking is available at the property.
This motel offers a daily hot breakfast to guests and an outdoor pool is on site.
Other facilities offered on-site includes a terrace and room service.
A grocery shop is only 10 metres away and several restaurants can be found on the street of the property.
It is just a 5-minute walk to the Istanbul Convention and Exhibition Centre.
Pyatigorsk is 32 km from Guesthouse Skazka na Yaroshenko, while Essentuki is 20 km away.
Recreation facilities include a fitness room where guests can enjoy a work out.
Other facilities include a washing machine and dishwasher.
A bus station is also within 300 metres.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers.
A continental breakfast is prepared every morning.
The fair in Rho-Pero is a 15-minute drive away.
Complete with a dining table, the kitchen features an oven, stovetop and kitchenware.
This hotel is located only 1 km from the airport, the exhibition centre and the congress centre.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Boasting an outdoor pool, the hotel provides free Wi-Fi throughout.
Aeroparque Jorge Newbery Airport is 8 km away.
The garden also has a barbecue.
Some units include a terrace and/or balcony with garden or city views.
A continental breakfast with scones, pastries and jams can be enjoyed daily.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Apartments Katica.
The B&B is located on the third floor of a block of apartments.
The hotel de Paris offers comfortable rooms with a simple and functional decoration.
Bright and spacious, the villa includes a living-dining room with a TV and fireplace.
The historic city centre is under 5 minutes away by Metro.
The double room comes with a TV, electric kettle, and refrigerator.
The on-site restaurant serves local cuisine.
JFK Airport is 24 km away.
A garden with a playground surrounds the property and you can borrow bicycles at the apartment house.
All accommodation at Trianon feature a warm and elegant décor.
The Palanga Airport is 18 km away, and the city of Klaipeda is within 8 km.
The private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and a hairdryer.
Lloret de Mar is 24 km from Villa Treumal, while Girona is 27 km from the property.
The theme park Plopsaland is 2 km away.
Featuring a balcony with sea view, all rooms at The View have a private pool.
La Romana Airport is 85 km away.
There is also a dining area.
Free Wi-Fi is included in each guest room.
Camping Ribamar has a pretty setting within the Sierra de Irta Park, 150 metres from the sea.
Homely rooms come with a private bathroom that has a bidet and shower.
The private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
Every unit features a private bathroom with a bidet and a hairdryer.
All units feature a TV. A refrigerator and kettle are also featured.
Palermo is a 50-minute drive away.
Wi-Fi internet access is available at the reception desk, which is open 24 hours a day.
It offers a home away from home with elegant accommodation.
My Den Beachfront is located just 15 km from Oribi Gorge Nature Reserve.
The property is 5.6 km from Mall of Arabia and 10.1 km from Red Sea Mall.
Antalya Airport is 19 km from the property.
There is a gift shop at the property.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, horse riding and fishing.
It is a 10-minute drive from Central, lively SoHo and Lan Kwai Fong.
Each unit has a private bathroom with a shower.
The compound provides a children’s playground for kids.
National Museum of Krakow is 500 metres from the property.
The Seelisberg - Dorf Bus Stop is 20 metres from the Tell.
Horse riding excursions and bike rental can be arranged upon request.
There are tennis courts and a golf course nearby.
Apartment guests can order fresh bread rolls to be brought to the apartment each morning.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the in-house restaurant.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
The nearest grocery shop, restaurants and bars are located within 200 metres.
The guest rooms feature a flat-screen TV and private bathroom.
The Tavola Rotonda Hotel has large gardens.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Lissone's Hotel Motel Ascot offers stylish rooms with air conditioning and free Wi-Fi.
You can enjoy sea view.
The nearest airport is Riga International Airport, 72 km from Cerību Liedags.
At Rooms Kancelir you will find a garden and a terrace.
The bus station of Piazzale Roma is 250 metres away.
Extras include bed linen and towels.
The private bathrooms include bathrobes and a hairdryer.
Ilhéus city centre is located 1 km away.
Meals can be prepared in the apartment kitchenette, which includes a coffee machine.
This eco-friendly hotel features rooms with a private balcony and air conditioning.
All apartments come with a kitchen and views of the Mediterranean Sea.
The property offers free parking.
It offers non-smoking accommodation and free on-site parking.
The air-conditioned studios and apartments feature a dishwasher and a DVD player.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and slippers in each unit.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this villa.
Direct trams run to Heidelberg Train Station in 5 minutes.
The Théâtre de l'Atelier Theatre, after which this apartment is named, is next door.
The kitchen features a fridge.
Guests can exercise at the hotel’s fitness room or relax in the jacuzzi.
Kraków Główny Train Station and Bus Station are located 1.3 km from Ada.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and a refrigerator and meals can be enjoyed in the dining area.
Rooms are functional decorated and have tiled floors.
The bathroom includes bathrobes and slippers.
Guests can enjoy a balcony and a fireplace.
Some rooms have a bath.
Houston city centre is 20 minutes' drive away.
All units feature a kitchenette fitted with a microwave and fridge.
The hotel is 3 km from the Rheinisches Landesmuseum and 47 km from Frankfurt-Hahn Airport.
This house can accommodate up to six guests, and offers free internet access.
The property offers free parking.
Its a la carte restaurant and bar provide a peaceful ambience to savour local cuisine.
Nevsehir Kapadokya Airport is 40 km from Dream Cave.
The distance to the nearest supermarket and café is 3 km.
The hotel is situated 6 km away from Biju Patnaik Airport and 8 km from Lingaraj Temple.
Sociedad Rural de Tandil is 800 metres away.
There are free loungers and umbrellas by the pool.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided in the bathroom.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
Mount Rainier National Park is 60 miles southeast of the inn.
Buffet breakfast is available and it is a 2-minute walk to the nearest restaurant.
Pension I is located in Berlin. Free WiFi access is available.
There is an on-site restaurant for dining.
The apartments boast a warm contemporary décor, with wide seating area and wooden floors.
A business center and laundry facilities are on site.
Exposed beams and Persian carpets create a cosy atmosphere.
The apartments are centrally located, only 500 metres from Tallinn’s Old Town.
All rooms at Jongno Gonggam Mini Hotel are air-conditioned and fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Free parking is also available.
The nearest airport is Stornoway Airport, 67 km from the property.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
It lies within a short walk from restaurants, shops and bars.
Free public parking can be found at the nearby streets.
The private bathrooms have a shower, and hairdryers are available on request.
A ski storage room and a ski boot dryer are available.
The bedrooms include a wardrobe and the private bathroom comes with a bath or a shower.
A number of restaurants and cafés can be found within a 10-minute walk.
The Chinese Restaurant serves a wide range of Xiang and Cantonese dishes.
River views can be enjoyed from some rooms.
The private bathroom comes with free toiletries.
Located in the Tuscan countryside, Villetta Capanna is 15 km from Monteriggioni.
Guests can enjoy barbecue facilities.
Rooms are equipped with a TV.
Capitolium temple UNESCO Heritage Site is 15 minutes’ walk away.
Guests can make use of bike rental service to explore around.
San Diego International Airport is located 4 km away.
The units come with a TV, a dining area and a kitchenette equipped with oven and refrigerator.
Every morning, guests can start the day with a traditional Turkish breakfast.
The hotel's attractive garden with pond is the ideal spot for a tea of coffee break.
You can come and go as you please using the 24 hour access code.
A TV is featured.
The 3-bedroom apartment has 2 bathrooms, including a bath, shower and hairdryer.
The property offers free parking.
All rooms come without windows and offer air conditioning and a TV.
Guest can find a variety of restaurants serving Mexican food, and supermarket within 5 km.
The Immaculate Conception Cathedral can be reached in a short 2 minute walk.
Guests can make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
It features free sauna, steam shower cabin and hot tub.
Springfield National Airport is 15.2 miles away.
Bukovel Ski Resort is 25 km from Pid Lelekoyu, and the distance to Lviv is 200 km.
Other facilities include a children’s playroom, tennis table and darts.
Extras include a work area.
The Nossa Senhora do Mar Chapel is a mere 230 metres away.
The property boasts views of the city and is 1 km from Pompidou Centre.
You can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for cycling.
Malia is 4 km away. Milatos Cave is within 5 km.
The facilities include a washing machine and clothes dryer.
A scenic seaside walking trails is right next to the property.
Located 1.5 km from Flamento Beach, Habitat Carioca Hotel offers accommodations in Rio de Janeiro.
The property offers free parking.
Sands Residence also comprises a garden and a shared lounge.
Pitigliano is 19 km away.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels and DVD player is provided.
The hotel also offers free wireless internet access and in-room pay films.
Free parking is provided.
The rooms are located in an apartment, where guests can find shared kitchen facilities.
San Francisco International Airport is 19 km away.
Kitchenware, a microwave, and a dishwasher are provided in the kitchenette.
The property features views of the lake and is 1.9 km from Ploshchad 1905 Goda.
Certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
An on-site mini market is also available.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
Silk Valley SPA Resort is located in Taipei.
Private bathroom includes a shower and/or a bath and comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
Tenerife Sur Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Gelendzhik Airport, 5 km from the property.
Entertainment is organised during July and August.
A number of restaurants, bars and cafes can be found nearby.
Have a drink on the outside terrace and enjoy the weather when it’s sunny.
Free Wifi is available.
Guests can shop at Granada Mall which is a 10-minute drive away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
A variety of dishes for lunch and dinner is served at the restaurant.
Fondues are also organised.
Private bathroom is equipped with a shower and slippers are provided.
For anyone who fancies singing, the well-equipped karaoke rooms are prepared well to fill the needs.
It takes only 4 minutes to walk from Fortress Hill MTR Station.
Free private parking is available.
Within 5 minutes on foot, the Viennese City Park can be reached.
Guests can also visit the ancient market at 1.2 km and the ancient theatre at 2 km.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the business centre.
Each is fitted with a seating area, mosquito net and hammock. Shower facilities are in the en suite bathroom.
Plumeria Private Villa also includes a barbecue.
Free Wi-Fi is provided and all apartments have a balcony with views of the surroundings.
En suite bathroom facilities are provided and some rooms have free Wi-Fi internet access.
The apartment offers free private parking on-site
Located in the historic heart of Safed, The Antiquity Heart Mansion is housed in a stone building dating back from the 14th century.
Rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
A bathroom with a shower is standard in all units.
Fax and photocopying facilities are available.
The scenic gardens at the property are in bloom during the spring, summer, and fall months.
Holiday Apartments Vista Del Mar 2 is located between Sunny Beach and Sveti Vlas.
An oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
There is a large garden area and free parking.
Guests can reach Pico Ruivo, Madeira’s highest peak, with a 10-km drive.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Boasting a private pool, Villa Reisya is a villa located in Nusa Dua.
The M4 motorway and picturesque Porthcawl are just 5 minutes’ drive away.
Guesthouse Kondic is located 97 km from Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport.
A children’s playground is also on site.
Live music and entertainment are organised during the evening.
Each room comes with a seating area and en-suite bathroom with a hairdryer.
Place des Vosges can be reached within a 5-minute walk from the property and Centre Pompidou is 1 km away.
Apartment on Ordgonikidze also includes a fitness centre. Guests can enjoy a drink at the on-site bar.
The hotel’s tour desk helps guests organise excursions to tourist attractions.
Aqua Park Sea Star is 2.5 km from Hotel Almaz, while Dolmens is 6 km away.
Wattay Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
There is a variety of restaurants and bars in the streets around the hotel.
Drinks are available at The Square Bar and Lounge.
Featuring free WiFi and a barbecue, Ethno Hostel offers accommodation in Yakutsk.
Mid-Continent Airport is located 20 km from the property.
Free on-site, private parking is available.
The hotel is 5 storeys high and has an elevator.
Free barbecue appetizers and local craft beer are available on Wednesday evenings.
Each house comes with a well-equipped kitchen and a 4-seater dining table.
The property is 900 metres from Pärnu City Center and 500 metres from Pärnu Golf Club.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
The city centre of Vienna can be reached on the U4 line within 10 minutes.
Simply furnished room have satellite TV and a bathroom with a shower.
Hotel Sport is situated in Avigliana, 23 km from Turin.
The Vlasska’s apartments are located in 4 buildings, sharing the garden and the courtyard.
Birdwatching is also a popular activity in the region.
They are equipped with air conditioning, a TV and a fridge.
The Apartamentos Coronado have modern bathrooms with a shower. They are also equipped with a hairdryer.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
The accommodation provides guests with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, an oven, a stovetop, an electric kettle and a coffee machine.
Guests can check out Old Phuket Town located 14.1 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy mountain views from the restaurant’s sun terrace.
While drinks are available at the bar, guests can also prepare their own meals in the apartments.
Guests are invited to prepare their own home-cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with coffee machine and toaster.
Novorossiysk is 15 km from Raduga, while Divnomorskoye is 23 km from the property.
Daily housekeeping service is provided.
The property offers free parking.
There is dry cleaning services at the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Apartment at Bochkova.
Las Nazarenas Church is 5 km away.
It will take you 18 minutes to get to Molodezhnaya metro station by car.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
Ipoh Apartment features beautifully furnished accommodation about 6 km from Ipoh’s city centre.
The situation of the property is ideal for practicing outdoor activities, such as hiking or cycling.
Guests can listen to the piano and relax at the lounge, which overlooks the garden.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
The Jerte Valley is 36 km from the hotel, and Plasencia is 30 km away.
Düsseldorf Airport is 7 km from the property.
A variety of restaurants can be found within 950 metres from the premises.
The World of Coca Cola is located 10 miles away.
Featuring a shower, the ensuite bathroom also comes with a bath.
A shuttle service is provided at an extra charge.
The nearest airport is Central Airport, 47 km from the property.
If you enjoy shopping, Portal de l’Angel and Passeig de Gracia streets are 10 minutes away on foot.
Bathrooms are fitted with a bathtub and a hot shower.
Moi International Airport is about 75 km away.
You can engage in various activities, such as fishing and hiking.
Meeting rooms are available as well.
Its Provencal-style apartments include free Wi-Fi.
Guest laundry facilities are located on the premises.
The air-conditioned rooms are soundproofed and comprise a flat-screen TV.
The guest house also has a vending machine for snacks and hot drinks.
Neos Marmaras Town is approximately 45 km away.
Many rooms enjoy panoramic city views.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, luggage storage and laundry facilities.
Goleniów Airport is 78 km from the property.
The 24-hour front desk can secure airport shuttles.
Free parking with space for large trucks is available at Mount Vernon Super 8.
San Andrés Beach is a 20-minute drive and Las Palmas de Gran Canaria is 20 km away.
The hotel is a 3-minute walk from Petro Tower and a 4-minute walk from Lam Son Stadium.
You can rent bikes on site.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport is Malindi Airport, 20 km from the property.
It is furnished in a contemporary style and
Located in Tbilisi, Fresh Apartment features self-catering apartments with free Wi-Fi access.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
You can also request a massage.
Free Wi-Fi and free private parking are provided. .
Yukari-no-mori Park is an 8-minute drive away.
They overlook an internal courtyard or a canal.
The nearest airport is Lviv International Airport, 7 km from Apartment Pekarska 46.
Une Nuit Au Château offers accommodation in Lyon.
Due to its 100-year-old history, this air-conditioned villa is under protection as a cultural monument.
Puducherry Airport is 4 km from the hotel.
Located in Ortakoy district, Midtown Istanbul is just 300 metres from the sea.
The en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a hairdryer.
Jakov. Guests have access to the spa at the neighbouring partner hotel, which is just 100 metres away.
The nearest airport is Don Mueang International Airport, 21 km from Cubic Bangkok.
The air-conditioned rooms at the resort are fitted with a balcony and hardwood furniture.
Other facilities offered at the property include a vending machine.
On request, fresh bread rolls can be delivered in the morning.
Breakfast can be served in the room at guests’ request.
Massage treatments are available in the spa centre upon request.
Guests have free access to World Gym just 1.8 miles away.
A buffet breakfast is served daily.
The rooms include a desk as well as a flat-screen TV.
Closest major airport is Nikos Kazantzakis International Airport, at 10 km.
Holiday home J.F. Nørbæksvej Ebeltoft II is located in Ebeltoft.
BBQ facilities are available.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Snacks and exotic drinks can be ordered from the 24-hour bar.
A range of bars and traditional Mallorcan restaurants are 5 minutes’ walk from Villa Cranc.
Free private parking is also available on site.
Maritime Lounge features light snacks and drinks.
Beaune is a 35-minute drive away and Tournus is 20 km from the B&B.
The property also offers free parking.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The restaurant serves a breakfast buffet in the morning.
Each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletry set.
An American breakfast is served daily.
A snack bar offers quick refreshment and barbecue facilities are at guests' disposal.
Some rooms have a private toilet and a games room.
Guests will also have access to a fitness centre one block from the hotel and an on-site sauna.
Cocopah Indian Tribe Museum is a 20-minute drive from the hotel.
Private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
On request and for a surcharge, groceries can be delivered right to the chalet ́s doorstep.
Guests can sip on drinks or hot beverages at the hotel’s café-bar.
Guests can order steaks and seafood at the on-site JW’s Steakhouse.
It features 3 bedrooms, a fully-equipped kitchen and a private garden.
A breakfast is available each morning at the hotel.
Hiking can be enjoyed in the surroundings.
They feature a furnished terrace.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
It is 7 km from Beziers Train Station and 73 km from Montpellier-Méditerranée Airport.
Water activities in the surrounding area that guests can enjoy include windsurfing and jet skiing.
Both stations connect to Heathrow Airport and Theatreland via the Piccadilly Line.
Free private parking is available on site.
For convenience, the hotel staff can assist with business and tour services.
Bandung International Airport is about 2 hours’ drive away.
Sawo Inn Spring Inn has a 24-hour front desk.
It is only 150 metres from Carlow Castle.
Free public parking is possible nearby and Granada Airport is within 11 kilometres.
At Christella Maisonettes guests will find a garden.
The nearest restaurant is 500 metres away.
Free WiFi is provided in the entire property.
Free private parking is also available at this apartment.
An outdoor pool and spa are on site, and Bal Harbor shopping centre is 7 km away.
Drinks and coffee are offered at the bar.
The nearest restaurant is 1 km and away and a grocery store can be reached within a 5-minute drive.
This house boasts beautiful tropical gardens.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a seating area.
The Gdańsk-Oliwa Train Station is 2 km away.
Rooms include a plasma-screen TV and a wide choice of films and music.
Shops and restaurants can also be found within 1.3 km.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in public areas of the property.
An additional toilet is also available.
All have air conditioning or a fan, heating and satellite TV.
Guests can relax in the garden or enjoy themselves reading a book in the lobby, which features a fireplace.
Bad Oeynhausen can be reached in around 25 minutes by car.
There are 2 pubs and a café within a 5-minute walk of the property.
Arezzo is 55 km away, whilst Siena is 63 km away.
Many rooms have a balcony.
Every morning, guests can enjoy a hot breakfast featuring the Jimmy Dean® breakfast sandwich.
Various bars, restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km of the property.
It also has a well-equipped kitchenette, and a private bathroom with shower.
Some units are air-conditioned.
En suite bathrooms include free toiletries, hairdryers and shower facilities.
The property offers free parking.
Various local eateries can be found within walking distance of the hostel.
The staff at the tour desk can assist with making travel arrangements.
Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport is 30 km away.
Kertih Oil Refinery and Bio-Polymer Park are within 10 minutes' drive away.
There are also BBQ facilities available.
The accommodation will provide you with a flat-screen TV and a terrace. There is a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
The kitchenette features a microwave and there is a private bathroom.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
The Sinequaroma is a one-storey independent house, with free parking.
There is also a refrigerator.
There is a shared kitchen and shops at the property.
At Shengsi Huajing Villa you will find a garden and a terrace.
Featuring a shower, ensuite bathrooms also come with a bath.
A savoury breakfast is offered daily and includes hot drinks, pastries and cold meats.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
Sauna, massage service and free Wi-Fi in all areas are available.
Guests enjoy free use of surfboards and boogie boards.
It offers free private parking and an outdoor swimming pool.
All necessary dishes are provided as well.
Located in Mazatlán, Stone Island Gardens Condo 104 offers a restaurant.
The property offers free parking.
Free WiFi is available throughout the entire property and there is a restaurant on-site.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Piesťany Airport is 4 km from the property.
Pinto Martins Airport is located 7 km away.
The bathroom is equipped with a walk-in shower.
A sea view can be enjoyed from the property.
Harrisburg city centre is 12 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Sauna facility is also available on site.
A shared kitchen is available on site on request.
Milos Airport is 1 km away.
Hotel offers rooms with cable TV and free internet.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Sanatorium Parus features free WiFi .
Private parking is available near the Towns Apartments.
Each room is fitted with a shared bathroom.
Free Wi-Fi access is available across the property.
At the tropical and colourful Mont Hebron there is a sauna.
Groceries can be delivered on request.
A children’s playground is also available.
The train station is a 10 minutes’ stroll.
The guest rooms at Hôtel Océanic include a TV with Canal + channels.
A tavern with traditional cuisine and various cafés are within 40 metres of the property.
Guests are welcome to visit the stables and get to know the farm animals.
The kitchenette comes with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Rooms have traditional décor and come with a private bathroom with shower.
It features a restaurant, garden and terrace equipped with tables and chairs.
Each accommodation features a rustic style and offers a TV, air conditioning and a patio.
Other facilities at Villa Alexandra include a barbecue.
The nearest airport is Tivat Airport, 16 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy exploring the area by bicycle, which can be rented from Villa Misura.
By Anna Privatzimmer provides free WiFi.
Extras include a desk.
Meeting facilities, laundry facilities, and free parking are included.
You can get to the beach, which offers a selection of restaurants, within 5 minutes ́ walk.
Minangkabau International Airport is a 3-hour drive away.
It offers massage services, 3 restaurants and a tour desk.
Rio de Janeiro's Galeão International Airport is 170 km away.
Guest rooms offer free Wi-Fi.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Patra is 12 km away and Araksos Airport is 10 km away from the property.
All rooms are air-conditioned and have soundproofing and a desk.
Some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The guest house offers a terrace, and there is free WiFi access available.
Guests of the Quality Inn & Suites will enjoy relaxing in the outdoor pool and hot tub.
Guests can visit the on-site canteen, and the restaurant is located at the same building.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is offered.
Guests are welcome to use the spa facilities for an extra charge.
Laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services are offered upon request.
Free WiFi is offered .
Free private parking in garages is possible and the A11 motorway is a 20-minute drive away.
In the summer you can enjoy your breakfast in the internal courtyard, under a wild jasmine tree.
Guests have access to shared bathroom facilities.
There is free shuttle service and gift shop at the property.
Fitted with tiled flooring, all rooms are completed with a TV, a refrigerator and a safety deposit box.
Suites are fitted with a seating area.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and a toaster.
All rooms at the Kalatówki come with magnificent views of the Tatra Mountain Range.
Parking is free.
Arenas Blancas is 65 km from Trelew’s Airport.
The accommodation is fitted with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Other facilities like an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
You will find a kettle in the room.
At 600 m is a fishing spot by the Østre Sømark Water.
A self-service sweet breakfast is included daily.
Also there is a washing machine.
Tenerife Sur Airport is 30 km away.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
This holiday park is 72.4 km from Groningen Eelde Airport.
The nearest airport is Zhuliany Airport, 5 km from the property.
The Warth-Schröcken Ski Area, with a connection via a ski lift to Lech, is 25 km away.
2moroz Service Apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in Kozhikode.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
An American breakfast is served daily.
On-site parking is free for guests.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Sochi Circus is 1.5 km from Apartment on Lysaya Gora, while Sochi Summer Theatre is 1.6 km from the property.
Free private parking is possible at the property.
Free Wi-Fi is provided at the lobby.
Free WiFi access is available in the lobby.
Guests can benefit from the hotel’s laundry and ironing services.
Holiday home Lyngtoften Grevinge IV is located in Grevinge.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
This 2-bedroom house features free WiFi and a private balcony with garden views.
Staff are available 24 hours a day.
Zadar Airport is located 21 km away.
The nearest pebbly beach is some 4 km away.
Free WiFi access is available.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The house offers wooden décor, a TV and stunning sea views.
Leksand town centre is less than a 10-minute walk away.
Rooms are fitted with a TV, refrigerator and seating area.
The restaurant can cook guests’ freshly caught fish to their liking.
Dormitory Brownstone - Brooklyn is located in Bushwick.
24-hour room service is available upon request.
Guests can use shared kitchen and ski and luggage storage.
For assistance with travel arrangements, the hotel has a tour desk.
The hotel is located between Place des Vosges and Centre Georges Pompidou.
Marmaris city centre is 3 km from the hotel.
The 2 private bathrooms include a shower, toilet and hairdryer.
The property is a 10-minute drive from JR Hodaka Station and Chihiro Art Museum.
You can also enjoy lunch and dinner at the on-site à la carte restaurant.
Rooms feature views of the swimming pool or the garden, while some also offer a private terrace.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
Dishes are made using fresh local produce.
Supermarkets are a short walk from Zuhra Apartment.
Torino Porta Nuova Train Station is just a 2-minute walk away.
Guests can borrow bicycles for free on site and explore the area at their own convenience.
Other facilities at Sunrise 3 bedrooms In Nai Harn include a sun terrace.
Restaurants, banks and shops are within a 5-minute walk.
Free parking is also available.
There is a lift to access the apartment.
A dishwasher and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
It features large windows providing panoramic views of the grounds.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
The pivate bathroom comes with a shower.
Shared and private bathrooms include a shower.
The unit has sea and pool views.
Universal Studios is 5.4 km away, while UCLA is 6.5 km from the property.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 24 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi is available, as well as free on-site parking and a terrace.
Acadian Village is 9 miles from Drury Inn.
Each air-conditioned apartment here features elegant, modern décor.
The centre of Kolymbari village is a 15-min drive.
Laundry services, a business centre and a beauty salon are also available.
The private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer and shower.
Book day trips at the tour desk, or make use of the laundry services.
Room service is provided 24 hours a day.
Bike rental and car rental are available at this hostel and the area is popular for diving.
The property offers free parking.
Most units open to a furnished balcony.
You can engage in various activities, such as horse riding and cycling.
Sauna can be used for free and a massage can be booked.
Petrčane offers paved beaches surrounded by pine tree forests.
Guests use the shared bathroom, fitted with a shower and hairdryer.
You can play a game of pool, table tennis or foosball in the games room.
There are also 6 bars on site.
In the available gym guests may enjoy a Turkish bath, the hot tub or a work out with our equipment.
A peaceful courtyard is also featured.
Diókert Vendégház features free WiFi throughout the property.
Panormos Beach is at a distance of 500 metres.
The suites are a very large 76 square metres.
The private bathroom has a shower and a bidet.
An en suite bathroom with a hairdryer is also offered.
Nearby the property there is a restaurant (2,0 km) and a shopping area (3,5 km).
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Massages can be arranged.
Free wired internet is available in the lobby.
The rate includes weekly cleaning and a change of towels and linen.
A flat-screen TV is available.
The nearest airport is Paphos International Airport, 20 km from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Super 8 St. George is within a 15-minute drive to Johnson Farm Dinosaur Tracks.
Sunrise Inn rooms include a microwave and refrigerator.
An en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities and a hairdryer.
A furnished outdoor dining area is available.
All rooms have the use of shared modern bathrooms.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is offered.
HarborWalk Village, which has shopping and dining venues, is 4.1 km away from the property.
All rooms come with contemporary décor and an electric kettle.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests will enjoy garden, mountain or Cretan Sea views.
The friendly staff can organise horse riding trips, hiking and Jeep tours.
The living room is outfitted with satellite-TV, a DVD-player and a Hi-Fi system.
The Hotel Le Marais is easily accessible via the A43 motorway and the D90.
An airport shuttle can be arranged upon request.
A continental breakfast is served in Moderna’s restaurant.
Nevsky Prospekt and the city centre are an 8-minute metro ride from the property.
Pattaya Floating Market is 3 km away, while it takes 15 minutes to drive to Pattaya Park.
All bungalows at Moon Island feature a terrace with a sea view.
There are shops at the property.
There is a restaurant and bar and guests can have fun at the games room.
The Holiday home Fjand Strand Ulfborg IX is located in Thorsminde, at 89 km from the Billund Airport.
It offers rooms with a shared kitchen and a living room.
Billund Airport is located 65 km from the property.
Free in-room internet is available.
Free private parking is provided.
Every room is equipped with a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Internet access is available in all areas.
All units feature a kitchen fitted with an oven and fridge. A stovetop and coffee machine are also featured.
Start your day in the cosy breakfast room with a free and simple buffet.
Guestrooms at the Hampton Inn Atlanta/Douglasville include coffee and tea facilities.
The Gschwandkopf Ski Area is within 500 metres.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom.
The in-house kitchen is well-equipped with a stove, fridge and dining table.
Each room here features heating and a private bathroom.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Comfortable recliner chairs are included in most rooms.
The tour desk books hiking, diving trips and island tours.
Rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
Cape May County Park & Zoo is 9.9 miles away.
The hostel has a shared dining room with a microwave, small oven and fridge.
The nearest airport is Lanzarote Airport, 19 km from the property.
Extras include a seating area, a DVD player and cable channels.
Air conditioning and heating are included and the building offers a lift for guest convenience.
Breakfast consists of coffee, fruit juices and assorted pastries.
The property offers its guests a traditional restaurant, free WiFi access is provided throughout.
Free private parking is available on site.
The bright hotel rooms offer warm-coloured interiors and classic-style decor.
To assist the guests it offers services like laundry and dry cleaning.
Air conditioning, a minibar and tea and coffee making facilities feature in all the rooms at Hotel des Nations.
From here, you can walk to the historic city centre in approximately 15 minutes.
Malin Beach is 2.1 km from Apartment Marina, while Rova Beach is 2.9 km away.
Each room comes with a TV and a refrigerator.
It takes 15 minutes to get to Wanlv Park by taxi.
The Dallas/Ft. Worth International Airport is 20 minutes away.
This hotel features free Wi-Fi and an outdoor pool on site for all guests.
With room service, breakfast and other meals can be enjoyed in the privacy of guests' rooms.
The private rooms are equipped with cable TV and a dining area.
Laundry facilities are also available in the property.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
It features a top-floor pool offering sea views.
The property is 5 miles from Point Park and 3 miles from the border of Tennessee and Georgia.
The property offers free parking.
Each holiday home features air conditioning, a living room and a patio.
At 7Days Inn Guangzhou Pazhou you will find a 24-hour front desk.
The property offers free parking.
Divan Cukurhan Ankara offers a convenient 24-hour front desk service and a library.
The hotel is less than 3 km from Laxminarayan and Birla Mandir temples.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
A dishwasher and coffee machine are also provided.
On several Sundays during the summer, afternoon concerts take place in the small amphitheatre in the forest.
Free WiFi is offered .
Free WiFi access is available.
Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood is 2.1 km from 9th Corner, while Palace Square is 2.3 km away.
The nearest airport is Olsztyn-Mazury Regional Airport, 44 km from Apartament Westerplatte.
The famous Parisian cabarets are located a 10-minute walk away.
Free private parking is available on site.
The property offers free parking.
At Hotell Saaremaa kämping you will find barbecue facilities.
A washing machine and tumble dryer are included for guest convenience in the Captain’s House Greenport.
Larnaca is 40 km away.
Hostel Kvart offers accommodation in Voronezh.
Featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
They also have a fridge, and a bathroom with a shower.
Free public parking is available in front of the property.
Every room is fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Van Horn Knights Inn has an outdoor swimming pool and hot tub.
From here, you can reach St. Peter's Square and the Colisseum in under 20 minutes by metro.
The Pietra Ligure exit off the A10 Autostrada dei Fiori motorway is 3 km from this property.
HR Residencies is located in Colombo, 3.4 km from Sri Lanka National Museum.
Muragala is situated in Weligama, 800 metres from Kushtarajagala.
The property is located at a short distance from Estrela Garden and the Estrela Basilica.
At Setomaa Turismitalo you will find barbecue facilities.
Solna is 43 km from Holiday Home osmo I, while Södertälje is 29 km from the property.
Havnevej Rømø VI is a six person apartment located in Rømø Kirkeby.
Bathrobes, a hairdryer and slippers are provided in the bathroom.
It features an outdoor pool, a tower-shaped poolside snack bar and free Wi-Fi.
Free barbecue facilities are also available.
Villa Emilia is 10 km from the beach and a 25-minute drive from Noto.
All rooms have air conditioning, a telephone, and shared bathroom facilities.
Madeira Airport is a 1-hour drive from the Casa Do Valgao.
There is also a bar offering drinks during the day.
Wooden dining area and barbecue are also available.
A TV is offered.
Hidden Valley Lake Golf Course is within a 25-minute drive of the motel.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Daily breakfast is served as an open buffet.
Leisure options at Hotel K5 Levi include a solarium and gym.
The traditional restaurant offers regional cuisine, game specialities and home-made schnaps.
Some rooms have a panoramic view on the surrounding city scenery.
The restaurant serves regional cuisine and a continental breakfast.
There is also a shared kitchen equipped with a hob, fridge, electric kettle and microwave.
There are many hiking paths near the Weyer here in the Ahr valley.
Reception is open 24 hours a day and parking is free on site.
Laundry and ironing facilities are available on site.
Ourinhos Bus Station can be reached in only 10 minutes by car.
The open floor plan features a dining area, living room with TV, and bathroom with bathtub.
Simply styled, they provide bed linens and bath towels.
Natural Park also has a 24-hour reception desk, so you can come and go as you please.
Swanage Train Station is a 5-minute walk away.
Rooms include a private bathroom.
Guests will find plenty of shops and restaurants in the village, as well as in Panticosa and Formigal.
The lounge area offers a flat-screen TV and an iPod dock.
All units feature a flat-screen TV.
Guests can relax with a massage or work out with a game of squash.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant serving Indian, Chinese and Continental fare.
Room service is also available.
Alanya town centre is 12 km from the hotel. Antalya Airport is 120 km away.
It has barbecue facilities, free Wi-Fi and private parking.
Facilities
The Tulip Creek Hotel Apartments features an international restaurant offering all-day dining.
Featuring free WiFi, Pērlīte offers accommodation in Liepāja.
Some units have a balcony.
Each simply furnished room offers air conditioning.
Palace of Culture and Science is 500 metres away.
The self-catering villa features a living room, a kitchen and dining area.
A weekly cleaning service is included.
The Magdalenengarten Baroque gardens and the Roemer- und Pelizaeus-Museum are just a 10-minute walk away.
In summer, swings for children and a seating area are also available in the garden.
The house overlooks the Whitsunday Passage towards Hamilton Island.
Suvarnabhumi International Airport is 87 km away.
The Main Bus and Train Station is at a distance of 3.5 km.
Some restaurants and shops can be found within 500 metres.
Other nearby leisure options include hiking, canoeing and fishing.
The stylish lounge bar features mood lighting and a wide range of drinks.
Each room has wooden furniture, tiled floors and a TV.
Mitino Park is 100 metres away.
It includes a sofa and flat-screen TV in the living room.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel.
They are equipped with TV, while some also have a fireplace and air conditioning.
For those who wish to attend a sporting game, both Melbourne Cricket Ground and Etihad Stadium are a 10-minute drive away.
The bathroom is fitted with a bathtub with shower function.
The 5 private bathrooms include a hairdryer and bathrobes.
Three restaurants are found within 1 km of Hindås Marina.
Also barbecue facilities are available on site.
Within 3 km from the hotel, guests can reach Po Nagar Cham Tower, Thap Ba Mineral Hot Spring Centre and Hon Chong Promontory.
Dolmabahçe Palace is 600 metres from City Apart.
This apartment features a flat-screen TV, air-conditioning and a microwave.
A bus stop with lines to the airport is 300 metres from the Apartments Bukovšek.
A range of activities is offered in the area, such as snorkeling and windsurfing.
A dining area is also provided.
The Heidelberg Main Train Station is just 13 km away.
Room service is available.
Enjoying a quiet location, Penzion u Konicka is set 300 metres from the Prostějov’s centre.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Jorge Newbery Airport is 10 km away.
The beds are draped with a mosquito net.
La Gomera Airport is around 50 minutes’ drive away.
The bathrooms are either private, or shared.
The bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Apartments also have a balcony overlooking the street.
Featuring a spa bath, private bathrooms also come with a shower.
There is a living room with a flat-screen TV with international channels.
Property offers free airport shuttle service.
It features a sun terrace with swimming pool, a garden and free Wi-Fi.
The Pousada serves a daily breakfast which includes fresh fruit, bread and coffee.
Each room includes a TV with satellite channels.
Other meals are served at the restaurant.
Cortina d'Ampezzo is 35 km away, and it is a 40-minute drive to the Dolomiti Bellunesi National Park.
It takes 1 hour to drive to Shenyang Taoxian International Airport.
Sioux Gateway Airport is 66 km away.
Luggage storage is offered and there is a tour desk.
They also come with private bathroom facilities.
Each has a private bathroom equipped with a hairdryer.
Hearty food with generous portions is served each day in the restaurant and bar.
All rooms include a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Bed linen is available.
Other facilities at Duplex Mirador Aguamarina include a year-round outdoor pool.
The Ferme De Honzac is just a 10-minute drive from both Bayonne and Tarnos city centres.
Several restaurant and pub options can be found a 10-minute walk away in Mevagissey.
The house is a 25-minute drive from Viña and a 40-minute drive from Valparaiso.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV with cable channels, a DVD player and a CD player.
The aparthotel is a 15-minute drive from Lisbon International Airport.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Simple-style rooms at the Majorca Hotel all come with a TV, safe and air conditioning.
Each room is fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Papago Park and Zoo is 20 minutes’ drive from the property.
Many dining places can be found nearby.
All of them have private bathrooms.
The lively Rincón de Loix area is 600 metres away.
All of the colourful guest rooms offer free Wi-Fi.
The nearest airport is Arrecife Airport, 14 km from the property.
Relax on your balcony and admire the sea views and countryside.
It also comprises a fully equipped kitchen with an indoor and outdoor dining area.
A golf course is just 450 m away.
Holiday home Sommervej Faxe Ladeplads XI is located in Fakse.
It offers free parking, a hot tub and an outdoor pool.
Free WiFi access is provided throughout the property.
Local specialities and international food is served at the restaurant of the Oasis.
The hotel is 4.8 km from Dalian University of Foreign Languages.
Free private parking is available at the hotel.
In the evening, enjoy à la carte delights in the Norderstedter Hof’s Kaminzimmer restaurant.
Free WiFi access is available and a daily breakfast is included.
Abruzzo National Park is 10 minutes' drive away. Roccaraso and Pescasseroli can be reached in a 1-hour drive.
The nearest city, Gilleleje is 7 km away.
Avila Beach is 7 miles away from San Luis Obispo Hampton Inn & Suites.
Hostel Podsolnuh offers accommodation in Tver.
Mumbai International Airport is 3 km away.
The unit is equipped with a kitchen.
Half board can be booked at the restaurant.
Slippers and a hairdryer are provided.
The property offers free parking.
It is 6 km from Hisaronu district and 8 km from Gemiler Bay.
The hotel offers free transfer service from ferry port.
Luxe Hotel features stylish designs and a modern lobby.
Located 24 km from Split, Apartments Anto offers accommodation in Tice.
Caucaia bus terminal is 25 km away.
Wi-Fi is available at the Golf Bar Adriatic.
There is also a communal kitchen available in the guesthouse.
The apartment offers a balcony with city views, a TV, and a living area with a kitchenette.
The building is surrounded by spacious yard.
Extras include a sofa.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, oven and microwave.
The American University is 5 minutes away by car.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
For relaxation and fun, Le Charme Sukhothai offers traditional Thai massages and bicycle rental services.
All rooms have a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Rooms at The Cosco are air conditioned and equipped with a minibar, a hairdryer and ironing facilities.
Guests can request for a humidifier and trouser press in their rooms.
Centre Point Shopping Plaza and Diani Shopping Centre is within a 10-minute walk.
Chillan hot springs are a 10-minute car ride away.
Most come with a private bathroom.
Vita Marina Sur is a 20-minute walk from Torre Bermeja Harbour.
The nearest beach is only 50 metres away from Palatino.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
Hotel Airport has a guest laundry facility and offer dry cleaning and ironing services.
There is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in each unit.
The hotel also provides a business centre, tour desk and car rentals.
Samui Airport is 6 km from the property.
At Windhaven Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
Located by a pond and 20 metres from a river, Lobes Krogs is surrounded by a green forest.
A dining area is also provided in every flat.
Free WiFi is available.
Free Wi-Fi and a TV with satellite channels is offered in each room.
A 24-hour front desk will be happy to assist with car rental services and luggage storage.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
On request, a grocery delivery service is available.
A flat-screen TV is available.
The owners can help with car and bike rentals.
Le Massif Ski Hill is less than 21 km from the hotel.
The surrounding area is full of restaurants, bars and shops.
Linens and towels are provided.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
The centre of Sölden is about a 7-minute walk away from Residenz Allegra.
Shannon Airport is 56 km from the property.
Amenities may include hydromassage showers and furnished terraces.
Free WiFi is available.
Scholitzer Lake is a 3-minute drive from the property.
The nearest airport is Riga Airport, within 10 km.
Gimpo International Airport is 15 km away.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
Some rooms also include a balcony.
Guests can enjoy sunbathing on the lawn or can rent a bicycle on the property.
You will find a garden and terrace with barbecue facilities and garden furniture.
The Naggar Castle and Naggar Village are 100 metres from the property.
The property is at the heart of Florence, close to shops, restaurants and cafés.
Taroko National Park is a 35-minute drive away.
Ski storage and a ski waxing area is available at the motel.
The cellar door of Oyster Cove Vineyard is 1 km away.
Pécs Bus Station is 800 metres away.
You can prepare meals in the kitchen.
Guests receive free on-site parking.
The boat arrives back to Bodrum Harbour.
A golf course can be found in 5 km away.
They all have a private terrace and free internet access, as well as a TV with a DVD player.
The nearest airport is Vnukovo International Airport, 23 km from the property.
Some rooms have a private balcony (subject to request) overlooking the garden.
Within 5 minutes’ walk of the bed and breakfast there are the shops, pubs and restaurants of Emersons Green.
The private bathrooms include showers.
There is a kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
The two-bedroom apartment will provide you with exercise equipment and satellite-TV.
Free private parking is also provided on site and the centre of Caen is 23 km away.
The Merrillville Holiday Inn Express offers newspapers from the front desk.
Oslo Airport is 47 km away.
All rooms have a bathroom with a shower. They further come with a TV and a seating area.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Ao Nang Beach and Rai Lay Beach can be reached within a 45-minute drive from P Guesthouse.
At Cornely Mühle you will find a garden and barbeque facilities.
Guests are invited to relax on the terrace, enjoying the views.
The private bathroom includes a shower, and bed linen and towels are provided.
The property offers free parking.
The pools and the sauna for example are included.
Free shuttle services from the airport and the railway station are provided on request.
Deni Hostel is a 15-minute walk from the Latin Bridge.
A children's cot and high chair are provided.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property and private parking is available on site.
Offering a restaurant, Titanic Hostel is located in Astana, a 5-minute walk from Ishim River.
Featuring free WiFi, Finca Il Volo offers accommodation in Tijoco de Abajo.
Free public parking is available on request.
The Sedrun-Oberalp ski area is a 10-minute drive away.
Peterhof is 24 km from Apartment na Dunaiskom.
Guests can cook in the shared kitchen, or use property’s barbecue facilities.
Central Kansas City can be reached in 1 hours’ drive.
Select rooms offer mountain or river views.
Zagreb Airport is 15 km from the property.
Massages are also offered.
There is also a snack bar.
Each stylish self-catering apartment has a balcony with sea views.
Room service is available on request.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The Coura riverside area is an 8-minute drive away.
Just 10 minutes from Newcastle, there is free Wi-Fi and free parking.
A children’s playground and free private parking are available on site.
Pets are allowed upon request.
Rome is 20 minutes by car and Rome Airport is 10 km away.
Check out Rappbodetalsperre Lake (15 km) or the Am Wurmberg Skilift (25 km).
Lang Shan Mountain is 2 km away from this property.
There is a wide variety of cafes and restaurants in the direct surroundings of Dutch Charm Apartment.
The bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet.
Private parking is available at a surcharge.
The property offers free parking.
The bathroom comes with a WC, bathtub and hairdryer.
The Summer House Restaurant and The Summer House Beachside Bistro are both nearby.
Guests can also enjoy barbecue evenings at the hotel during the summer months.
The R.
A shower or a bath/shower combination is available in each bathroom.
Luxumbourg-city is a 20-minute drive away.
Simferopol Airport is 70 km away.
The MAS Museum is 2 km and Sportpaleis is 5.7 km from the accommodation.
Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport is located 5.3 km from the property.
Dallas Road is 15 minutes' walk away.
Cadiz is 42 km from the property, while the beaches of the Costa de la Luz are 30 km away.
Some also have a TV, dishwasher and microwave.
This property offers an indoor swimming pool and can accommodate eleven guests.
Car and bike rental can be organised upon request.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
The apartment is 1.2 km from Marina Gdynia.
A TV and DVD player are available.
On site you will find a lounge, a bar, a TV room offering satellite television and a restaurant.
Mas Lou Peyloubet features free WiFi.
The apartment has a kitchenette and the villa has a kitchen, both fully equipped.
Rome's Fiumicino International Airport can be reached in 25 minutes by car.
Many cafés and restaurants are less than a 15-minute walk away.
All rooms come with a flat-screen TV.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided in the entire hotel.
Hiking, sports fishing and horse riding are possible nearby.
Rooms have a balcony with sun loungers.
Kaliningrad is 33 km from the property.
The rooms are cooled with air-condition.
Towels and bed linen are available at Apartment Arendoo in complex Iglika.
Shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
The non-smoking apartment features a TV and a seating area.
Many cafés and restaurants are located within a walking distance.
A sea view of the Sanya Bay is displayed through the windows of some guestrooms.
A chalet comes complete with a fully equipped kitchen.
Massage and treatments are available.
The hotel is located 45 km from International Airport of Monastir and 4 km from Medina of Mahdia.
There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a fridge. A stovetop and kettle are also offered.
Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi access.
The guest house also offers bike hire.
Currency exchange and laundry services are available.
The property provides free shuttle service to the ski lifts.
Simply furnished, the accommodation will provide you with cable TV and night tables with lamps.
Warsaw Bridge, the border with Poland, is located 1 km away.
Wi-Fi is free throughout the property.
Hostal Brisas del Titicaca is a lakefront property located on Copacabana Beach.
Room service options are also available.
It features a bar that serves drinks and local spirits.
Holiday Home Lososinnoye has a direct access to ski routes.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen TV.
Apartment Malá Strana is set in Prague, 600 metres from Charles Bridge.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Pampering massage can be enjoyed in the room.
The town of Vác by the Danube Bend is 20 km away, while the Bánki lake is 5 km from the premises.
The property offers free parking on the plot.
The property offers free public parking.
This Vail, Colorado accommodation is 2 miles to Vail Mountain.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Leidseplein (1.8 km) and Vondelpark (2.4 km).
Free WiFi access and parking are available.
It’s a 16-minute drive from the Lisbon International Airport.
The Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis Ski Area is a 7-minute walk away.
Every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with free toiletries.
Saint Peter’s Square is 1 km away.
Sweet buffet breakfast is served each morning in the common lounge.
En-suite rooms have a balcony with mountain views and cable TV.
Currency exchange services are also available.
Appartement Maghreb El Arabi is a self-catering accommodation located in Rabat.
It is a 3-minute walk from Eugene-Delacroix Museum.
Certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience.
The nearest airport is Nassau International Airport, 6 km from the property.
A TV is provided.
Guests can find restaurants and cafes within 500 metres of Apartamentos Turísticos In Di Town.
The private bathroom is stocked with slippers, hairdryer, toiletries and bathrobes.
The restaurant Le Patio is 3 km from the property.
Santander is 50 km away.
The property is 1.5 km from Praia da Rocha Beach and the Portimão Marina.
Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is 42 km from the property.
Coffee-making facilities are also provided.
The property is 2.2 km from Walking Street Pattaya and 1.8 km from Bali Hai Pier.
Rooms at the Arrasate feature vibrant decor, landscape paintings and wooden floors.
Etnographic Museum of Zamora is 300 metres from Ares Hotel, while Plaza Mayor is 400 metres from the property.
The nearest airport is Melbourne Airport, 24 km from the property.
Baanlay’s restaurant serves a delicious selection of Thai and international food.
Flat-screen TVs with satellite channels are presented in all of the guest rooms at Hotel de Roubaix.
Other restaurants can be reached within a 20-minute drive.
En suite bathrooms include free toiletries, hairdryers and shower facilities.
A TV is offered.
It has a large garden with a heated swimming pool.
There is a 24-hour front desk.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
The trip to the Kremlin by public transport takes about 10 minutes.
Bodenseegästehaus is a 15-minute walk from the harbour, beach and shops.
The bar has 2 screens for sporting events.
Guests can visit Musandam Peninsula which is 50 km away from Waldorf Astoria.
All have a TV, minibar and comfortable armchairs.
It serves a free daily hot breakfast.
The property’s common area offers a business corner with free access to computers with internet access.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 18 km from Fortune Inn.
Some rooms also include a balcony overlooking the street.
Vivipitigliano is a 25-minute drive from Lake Bolsena.
It features a spa, indoor and outdoor pools and tennis courts.
Guests can prepare their own meals at Appartement Créqui.
The restaurant features traditional Friulian dishes and has a large selection of wine.
Additional you can access to the Wildlife Preserve for Rescued Animals.
The apartments also have a fully equipped kitchen.
Towels and bed linen are featured.
The attractive rooms of the Hotel Kühler Krug are individually furnished in a classic style.
Each has a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and a mini-bar.
Ploče Ferry Port offering links to Pelješac Peninsula is within 15 km.
Guests have access to 2 shared outdoor pools.
There is a shared lounge at the property, as well as a kids' room.
There is also an electric kettle.
Guests can dine at Manny’s, a gourmet steakhouse and seafood restaurant, for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport is 1 km away.
There are also 2 bedrooms and a private bathroom with a rain shower.
The accommodation provides a TV, a terrace and a seating area.
There is also a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area.
Every morning, a buffet breakfast is served in the dining room or at the terrace if possible.
Some rooms feature garden view.
The Cambria Pines Lodge Restaurant offers indoor and outdoor seating.
For relaxation, guests can schedule a massage or sunbathe on the poolside terrace.
Bed linen is also provided.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The centre of Uxbridge is just 5 minutes’ drive away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bidet.
All rooms come with free WiFi.
It offers free private parking and a buffet breakfast.
Casa Artgo includes a balcony and patio with a washing machine.
It offers heated rooms with free Wi-Fi and a shared lounge with a fireplace.
Free private parking is possible on site.
All rooms also have a private bathroom with a bath, a shower and a selection of toiletries.
Cross-country skiing trails can be reached within a 20-minute drive from the property.
Dinner can be served by villa cook upon request.
The property also offers packed lunches.
The Cheesecake Factory is 4 minutes’ walk away.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
Each suite has a private kitchenette, allowing for light snacks to be prepared.
The private bathroom is complete with a shower and a hairdryer.
The beachfront restaurant serves delicious local and international dishes, and offers free Wi-Fi.
The Market Square is a 15-minute walk away.
Each comes with a bathroom featuring a shower.
It offers a restaurant, free parking and free Wi-Fi in public areas.
A free shuttle service to the beach is provided on site.
Meals from partner restaurants can be delivered to your apartment.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
Chalet dans Résidence Privée is located in La Gaude.
Hotel Gerard D'alsace also features free Wi-Fi and free on-site parking.
The Second B&B is located in Kenting.
Free private parking facilities are available.
St. John’s International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
The hotel is a 15-minute drive from the Kartala Lift.
The distance to Banja Luka International Airport is 15 km.
The property is close to the Panajachel Dock, where restaurants and bars are located.
You can enjoy pool view.
Pousada Vila do Sossego is located 600 metres from the centre of Morro de São Paulo.
It is 15 minutes' drive from Cape Tribulation.
Free on-site parking is available for added convenience.
This hotel is 1 minute from Highway 15.
Wireless internet is available in the entire Penzion Benatky free of charge.
A guide and equipment such as binoculars and telescopes are provided.
Wi-Fi access is available at an additional charge.
Various shopping and dining opportunities are within a 10-minute walk.
You can also enjoy your breakfast in the privacy of your room.
The Trevi Fountain is a 7-minute walk away.
You can also enjoy a drink from the bar, which has an extensive wine list of more than 2700 references.
A games room and free private parking are offered on site.
Some units include a seating area and/or balcony.
Free WiFi is available in common areas.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Facilities at the hotel include cafe, bar, restaurant, billiards, games room and an internet area.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Anh Nhung Guesthouse features free WiFi throughout the property.
Hotel Solymar is located near Malaga’s Train and Bus Station.
Guests can order groceries from Red Sun’s 24-hour reception, or request for a doctor.
Guests can cook their meal in the private kitchen.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a grocery store in the building where the apartment is located.
All guests have access to a shared bathroom.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
Seafront Promenade is 500 metres from City Hotel, while Batumi Archeological Museum is 1 km away.
Set 2 km from Ea Beach, Casa Rural Andutza is located in Ea.
A mini market and bakery is situated less than 300 metres away.
You can also go swimming on River Korana, about 1 km from the property.
The property is just a 15-minute drive from Trincomalee Railway Station.
Taman is 36 km from Guest House Tihaya Gavan, while Vityazevo is 14 km away.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
The Hotel Landhaus Feldmeier has a traditional Bavarian façade.
Buffet breakfast is available on request in the dining room.
At Hotel La Mochica you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property. You can play billiards at the hotel.
Jorge Chavez International Airport is 16 km away.
Shops, bars and restaurants are located within a 3-minute walk of the hotel.
Air-conditioned rooms at the Garnì Villa Fontana include an LCD TV and a safe.
The Sierras Moreras, Almenara and Algoboro mountains are all nearby.
The rooms are fitted with a TV.
Breakfast is served daily at a nearby café.
Free Wi-Fi is offered in the entire property
Free private parking is available on site.
It is 3 km to Galeria Bronowice Shopping Centre and 7 km to Błonia Park.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the entire property.
The property is 700 metres from Bijeca Sand Beach.
Hotel Paradís offers a terrace and rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The park offers a fire pit for campfires and a mini-market.
Private bathroom provides a shower, while the terrace is fitted with a table and chairs.
A washing and a private bathroom are also included.
The kitchenette includes a stove, dishwasher and coffee machine.
At the property there are also several animals, including lamas.
The hotel stays open all night so you can leave and return as you like.
The nearest airport is London City Airport, 14 km from Shepherds Market Serviced Apartments.
The Kinbu Gardens are a 5-minute drive away and Achimota golf club is a 20-minute drive away.
BBQ facilities are also available for guests to use.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
The nearest airport is Volgograd International Airport, 15 km from the property.
Hotel Città Dei Papi is just 200 metres from the Anagni exit on the A1 motorway, south of Rome.
Guests can relax with a snorkeling and diving trip.
Some rooms include a private balcony.
Fax, printing and photocopying facilities are available.
The town of Vienne is a 10-minute drive away.
Admire the hotel’s original stone walls and 18th-century building.
A supermarket and a restaurant can be found 300 metres from Vila Mirela.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
It is 100 km from Aluva Railway Station and 130 km from Cochin International Airport.
After-meal cocktails can be enjoyed at the bar.
The two-bedroom accommodation will provide a TV.
It boasts an on-site cafe, an indoor pool and guest rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The restaurant, using local products, specialises in Trentino dishes.
The Donaubrücke Gasthof is right on the Donauradweg (bicycle trail).
Breakfast is available in the spacious café-bar.
They also include a safety deposit box and a minibar.
The accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
It offers free private parking and rooms with a kettle.
The kitchen features a dishwasher and an oven.
Golf Disneyland Paris is 6 km away.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with an oven, microwave and toaster.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV. All rooms have a private bathroom.
It provides 2 free outdoor pools and a large garden.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Free Wi-Fi and buffet breakfast are provided.
This rustic guest house is set in Andorra La Vella’s Old Town.
The closest Metro Station is Ecole Militaire (line 8).
The kitchen is fully equipped, including a refrigerator and microwave oven.
A good selection of restaurants is available in the surrounding area.
Amenities in each unit include a telephone and a minibar.
The Kosgoda Turtle Hatchery is 2 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
Protea Hotel Upington is situated in on the banks of the Orange River in Upington.
You can play tennis at the property, and car hire is available.
Luggage can be stored at the front desk.
The bathrooms have complimentary toiletries and slippers.
Egyptian cotton bed linen and towels are provided.
Situated in Ahangama, Villa Flo offers a garden and terrace. Koggala Airport is 1.6 km from the property.
Some bathrooms are equipped with hydro massage.
Each room features cable TV and a private bathroom.
It offers rooms with balcony and a free ski bus service.
The main town of Argostoli is around 10 km away.
At Hotel Yala Peak you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
Visitors will enjoy outdoor recreation in the area, including fishing and hunting in the Big Hole Valley.
Rooms at Pallada Hotel feature classic-style décor.
Car rentals and dry cleaning services are also available.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Located in the city centre, the Marine Hotel enjoys good public transport links.
A restaurant serving breakfast and traditional Czech cuisine.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
You can play billiards at the hotel.
Motel Las Fuentes is situated just 5 km from the US border.
Many rooms have king-size beds.
The en suite bathroom comes with hot shower facilities.
The marble bathroom has a hairdryer and shower facilities.
Rooms are fitted with a TV.
Shared facilities include a laundry room and barbecue.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels and DVD player are available in some units.
The bed and breakfast is located 500 metres from Nairn Museum and 7 km from Cawdor Castle.
There is a full kitchenette with a microwave and an oven.
Aqaba King Hussein International Airport is a one hours’ drive.
The property offers free parking.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Shouxiangyuan Restaurant serves the popular Hunan cuisine and Cantonese dishes.
The property offers its guests a garden with a terrace and a ski storage room.
The air-conditioned rooms and apartments come with a TV and private bathroom.
The property’s own café serves local and European cuisine.
Kitchenware and outdoor furniture are also provided.
A public swimming pool Wellnesspark Arlberg is 2.5 km away.
Pierre have a TV, minibar and private bathroom.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Shops and restaurants are located within 4 km of the residence.
Select rooms have a bathtub in the bathroom and a living room.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning.
Guests can also relax in the sunbathing area.
The private bathrooms have a shower.
There is also a communal fridge available for guests to use.
A breakfast buffet is served at the dining room.
Breakfast items can be delivered to the comfort of your cottage every morning.
The centre of Sorrento is only 10 minutes away on foot.
Within a 10-minute drive, restaurants can be found.
Each accommodation unit comes with a microwave.
Located in Protaras, Oceanview Villa 167 offers an outdoor pool.
A launderette and a 24-hour reception are offered for added convenience.
Free parking space is available on site.
Bathroom facilities are shared.
Guests can use a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer.
Several shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a 3-minute walk of the property.
The house will provide you with a TV, a patio and a terrace.
Gustavo Rojas Pinilla Airport is 8 km away.
Room service is provided.
Within a 2-minute walk you can reach the city's most beautiful park.
An en suite bathroom comes with a bathtub and shower facilities.
The nearest airport is Mostar International Airport, 7 km from Guest House Mirza.
At Desert Inn Resort Convention Center you will find a 24-hour front desk.
You can enjoy your breakfast or a romantic dinner on the terrace.
The unit’s bathroom is fitted with a bathtub and shower facilities.
The town of Bejar is a 30-minute drive away.
Overlooking the Pacific Ocean, this Kihei resort is 8 miles from downtown Kahului.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is offered.
The hotel features a large conference room with modern equipment and a banquet hall.
Guests can enjoy a cooked or continental breakfast in the comfort of their own rooms.
At Apartamento en Recoleta guests can request a continental breakfast for an extra fee.
Pizza is served at the outdoor coffee shop, while the hotel bar serves an à la carte menu.
In the complex you will find an elevator and ski storage.
Featuring a balcony and parquet floors, each room comes with a TV.
Guests can order breakfast at Viesu nams un kempings Jūrmala.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV.
Sopot Railway Station is 400 metres away.
A microwave, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette.
Offering a restaurant, Maison d'Hôtes Ghalil is located in Ouarzazate.
Apartamenty Zielone Tarasy – SunSeasons24 are located 450 metres from the Kołobrzeg Amphitheatre.
Each room is fitted with a TV. Rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
OSW Sportowiec is located 100 metres from the nearest ski lift.
Frisian food and fresh fish dishes are served in the hotel restaurant.
Alternatively, APK offers massage services and spa treatments.
The city of Exeter is just 15 minutes’ drive away.
The property offers free parking.
The spa town of Bagni San Filippo is 20 minutes away by car.
A garden with barbecue facilities and a playground is surrounding the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
Free WiFi access is accessible throughout and free parking is possible on site.
Staff can help arrange fishing, canoeing and skiing activities.
The property is located in La Joya residential area, which offers a number of shops and restaurants.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit, along with slippers.
The San Antonio Hotel restaurant serves local and international cuisine.
Knoxville Airport-Alcoa Candlewood Suites includes a barbecue area and a children’s playground.
The charming cottages feature thatched roofs and beautiful craftworks.
Free WiFi access is available.
The room features parquet flooring, a desk and bookshelves.
The on-site restaurant serves regional and international cuisine.
The 5-bedroom accommodation features a large living room with a seating area, a fireplace and a TV set.
It is 38 km away from Vigla Ski Centre.
Hotel Sevan Plaza offers a lobby bar and breakfast buffet.
Free WiFi is available.
This holiday home is 66 km from Simferopol International Airport.
The apartment is provided with a TV and a CD player.
Some have a balcony.
The apartment is on a 6th floor.
A 24-hour snack bar and grocery shopping service are also available.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Venice Marco Polo Airport is a 35-minute drive away.
Nearby there is a possibility to go fishing, cycling and enjoy walk on the beach.
The hotel is a 15-minute walk from Lin Department Store.
Gando Airport is a 20-minute drive from the hotel.
All rooms include cable TV, a desk, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
The classic-style rooms feature warm-toned décor.
This holiday home is 90 km from Billund Airport.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this cottage.
You can visit the hotel bar and lounge or relax on 1 of the terraces with a drink.
Lukhovitsy is 23 km away.
The accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Rooms offer complimentary WiFi.
Each one has views of the swimming pool, sea, or mountains.
Complete with a microwave, the dining area also has a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Decorated in a traditional chalet style, the apartment is located on the 2nd floor.
Micke Grove Zoo is 17 minutes’ drive away.
Guests can maintain their daily workout at the fitness centre.
A continental-style breakfast is available daily and includes fruit juices, cappuccinos, and croissants.
Free WiFi is provided throughout.
BBQ facilities are available to guests.
Guests have access to the library and can relax in front of the wood burning stove.
Tours excursions to visit the Bangkok top attractions are also available.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
Free WiFi access is provided.
Guests can enjoy traditional American fare including burgers and hot dogs at Amargosa Café.
The A22 Motorway exit, Affi-Lago di Garda Sud, is 1.5 km away.
The Sicilian coast is a 10-minute drive away.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking in the courtyard is available.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
It features a restaurant with an inviting summer terrace.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
The hotel is a 10-minute drive to Bangkok Phuket Hospital and Bus Terminal 1 in Phuket Town.
Services like babysitting and dry cleaning are available in this property.
At Mini-hotel Izumrudnyi, guests can relax with a book in the library.
Guests are served a daily complimentary breakfast.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 28 km from the property.
Rooms are simple yet comfortable.
Decorated with the nautical theme, the rooms also include ironing facilities.
Free beach towels are provided, and bathrooms are fitted with a hairdryer.
Some rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
Free parking is provided.
The Sanctuary Lounge offers a full bar, specialty drinks and locally brewed beers.
Noibai International Airport is 21 km from the hotel.
The property offers free parking for guests.
Wi-Fi in public areas is free.
Suvarnabhumi International Airport is about a 2.5-hour drive away.
Various restaurants, shops and bars are only steps away from the Villa Mirna.
The bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
Naha Airport is a 40-minute drive.
The nearest airport is Verona Airport, 8 km from the property.
It offers modern rooms with free WiFi.
The property offers free parking.
Parking at the property is free.
Private bathrooms have a shower.
Leopold Sedar Senghor International Airport is 65 km away.
Como is 43 km from CasaMondrian, while Locarno is 41 km away.
A free-use internet terminal and free wired internet are provided in the lobby.
This steam boat from 1927 is docked on Lake Saimaa, about 1 km from Olavinlinna Castle.
Free WiFi and free private parking are available on site.
Most rooms or suites also boast a fireplace. Some feature a balcony.
An en suite bathroom is provided with towels and free toiletries.
An airport shuttle service is available with an extra cost.
Phnom Penh International Airport is 10 km away.
Each room here will provide you with a satellite flat-screen TV and a minibar.
The bathroom is complete with a shower.
Rooms have an en suite bathroom and free Wi-Fi.
Rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
Private parking is available on site.
Free Wi-Fi is offered.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the lobby area.
Most have a balcony.
A restaurant serving Austrian cuisine and a bar are further features of the hotel.
Apart VG also includes a spa centre and hot tub.
Affittacamere The Tramp is located in La Spezia, a 10-minute walk from the seafront.
Towels and bed linen are provided at TownHouse u Metro Devyatkino.
The lodge is 3 km form the Tibetan Monastery and 5.5 km from Old Manali.
Pets can also be accepted upon request.
Moroccan cuisine is offered at the Tajine restaurant, and the nightclub offers entertainment.
For added convenience, a microwave and fridge are also included.
A shuttle service to Hamburg Airport is available on request.
A dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen.
One of Amsterdam's most famous markets is at Albert Cuyp.
Guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave, stove, oven, kettle and fridge.
Budget Rooms Taksim is located in Istanbul, 500 metres from Istiklal Street.
They also offer a private bathroom, electric blankets and a dining table.
A cafe is a 10-minute walk away.
A fully equipped shared kitchenette with a dining area and a fireplace is available to all guests.
The property can also be rented as a whole apartment.
Property is 300 metres from the beach, 600 metres from Kemer Marina and Moonlight Park.
Free private parking is possible on site.
It features a plunge pool and rooms with views of the Indian Ocean.
The Chateau des Arpentis is located in the Loire Valley, in a 30-hectare park.
Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum 5.6 km away.
Guests can enjoy a homemade granola or freshly made pancakes.
Free WiFi access is available throughout, and a sweet breakfast is provided daily.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can arrange airport shuttles and bicycle rentals through the ashram.
A TV with satellite channels also features in the rooms.
Guests benefit from terrace and an outdoor pool.
Other facilities like a barbecue and a sandpit are offered.
The kitchen area is equipped with an oven, while a washing machine is included in one of the bathrooms.
They also feature a spacious working area with ergonomic chairs and a work desk.
A swimming pool surrounded by mountains can be enjoyed in the summer.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free Wi-Fi is provided.
The property is located just 1 km from the famous Shankarpur Beach.
Featuring a shower, bathrooms also come with a bath.
Uzhgorod Castle is 1.2 km from the hotel, and Uzhgorod Drama Theater is a 15-minute walk away.
Los Angeles International Airport is 15 km away.
Girona-Costa Brava Airport is 23 km away.
There is a sports bar showing Sky Sports and BT Sport channels.
Every room comes with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The property offers free parking.
Free parking is on site.
Free private parking is provided.
Rue d’Antibes is just 700 metres away.
A tour desk offers various tours options.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner are offered.
Several walking and cycling routes are in the direct area of the property.
The nearest airport is Malaga Airport, 13 km from the property.
Other facilities at 3 Bedroom Seafront Villa Island View include an outdoor pool.
The Shenjia Xiaochu restaurant serves a variety of Chinese dishes.
Front Beach is just 1 km from Pleasant Street Inn.
There is also a living room with fireplace, while cleaning products can be found in the bathroom.
The guest house is an 8-minute walk from Feldberg-Bärental Train Station
Its spacious cottages feature a patio.
A fully-equipped kitchen and en suite bathroom are also included.
Legnica Cathedral is 3.4 km from Hotel Legnicki & Restauracja, while Art Gallery is 3.4 km away.
The nearest airport is Vaclav Havel Prague Airport, 14 km from the property.
Complete with a satellite TV, the living-dining room includes a CD and DVD player.
This bed and breakfast is located a 10-minute drive from central Lyon.
An electric cooker, tea/coffee maker and toaster make fixing food easy.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Other facilities like dry cleaning, an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered.
A garden and a snack bar are featured.
The rooms include a shared bathroom equipped with a bath and bidet.
Cardiff Airport is 87 km away.
The A 48 motorway is also just 15 km from the hotel.
Accommodation is self catering.
Nuoro is a 48-minute drive from the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
The on site restaurant serves local and international cuisine.
York Downs Golf and Country Club is 12 minutes’ drive away.
Each unit features a private bathroom with a bath.
The modern bathroom is equipped with a washing machine and hairdryer.
Songtsam Lodges is 90 km from Diqing Bus Station.
Hotel the M Innsomnia features free WiFi throughout the property.
The living room comes with comfortable sofas and a TV.
There is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher, fridge, stovetop and an oven.
Shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a 3-minute walk of the property.
Free Wi-Fi and a daily hot breakfast is provided to all guests.
A well-equipped gym is provided for guests that like to keep fit.
A buffet breakfast is served daily and it is prepared with local products.
The antique furnitures and soft lighting add traditional charm to all guestrooms.
Room service is available 24 hours a day.
Most rooms have private balconies.
Start your day with a buffet breakfast before exploring the Eternal City on foot.
This Holiday Inn lies in the Obersendling district of Munich, just 8 km from the city centre.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
Each room at this hotel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen TV.
The Manchester, New Hampshire city centre is 20 minutes’ drive away.
A continental breakfast is served in the morning at this smoke-free property.
The towns of Igoumenitsa and Parga are 23 km away.
There is also a dishwasher and washing machine, as well as free Wi-Fi.
A continental breakfast serving homemade marmalade, yogurt, cheese and pastries is provided each morning.
Snacks and drinks are available in the Eleven Lounge.
Every room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a TV with cable channels.
Sheremetyevo International Airport is 25 km away.
The apartment has 1 double bedroom and a bedroom with 2 single beds.
The air-conditioned unit is 5 km from Smolensk Historic Museum.
The nearest airport is Split Airport, 32 km from the property.
Rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
There is also a refrigerator, a fan, a desk and a large closet.
Oskarshamn city centre is a 5-minute drive away.
The hostel has a shared kitchen for guests’ use, and there is a barbecue on the terrace.
Room service is available and the front desk is open 24 hours a day.
At Rolling Hills Villa you will find a garden.
The nearest airport is Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport, 14 km from the property.
Oostende is 30 minutes by car.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi and a garden with BBQ facilities.
Some units include a dining area and/or balcony.
The bathroom has a bathtub and a shower cabin.
Hotel Thema is set in the Thema Policenter industrial park, 5 km from Rocca San Giovanni.
All rooms are equipped with bathrobes, a hairdryer and a minibar.
Rustic wood walls and traditional sculptures add to the charm of this design property.
Brussels Airport is located 84 km away.
Rome Fiumicino Airport is 27 km from the property.
The village of Teguise is located 12 km from the property.
Hot beverages can be ordered at the coffee shop.
At Emmanuel Beach Resorts you will find a restaurant.
The nearest airport is Rome Ciampino Airport, 18 km from Arts&HolidayHouse Vatican 1.
A number of restaurants, bars and shops can be found within 300 metres of the hostel
Parking on a nearby parking lot is possible.
Rooms here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
Each room here will provide you with a terrace, a seating area and a personal safe.
The classic-style rooms come with a TV, a work desk, and an en suite bathroom featuring a shower.
Entertainment facilities include a flat-screen cable TV and DVD player in the room.
The air-conditioned rooms all provide a bathroom, a TV and a minibar.
St. Florian's Gate is 700 metres from the property.
The property offers free WiFi.
Leon Valley Golf Course is just 6.6 miles from the Travelodge Temple.
With garden views, rooms come with a flat-screen TV and tiled floor.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
The hotel offers free Wi-Fi, a bar, and simply decorated, air-conditioned rooms.
WiFi is available is all public areas.
The nearest airport is Phuket International Airport, 32 km from the property.
Lisbon International Airport is accessible via a 25-minute metro ride.
Friedrichshafen Airport is 2 km from the property.
Massages are available, and the hotel has a Japanese restaurant and a cafe.
A hearty German breakfast is served every morning in the sunny breakfast room.
Los Angeles County Museum of Art/LACMA is 14 km from Ellison Building.
Housing a restaurant, guests can enjoy a tasty selection of local dishes on site.
They are all fitted with pleasant garden, mountain or creek views.
The Vatel provides a free shuttle bus to and from the town centre.
Its restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast, and shuttle services are arranged.
Rovinj Old Town can be accessed within 2 km. A ferry port is located there.
The private bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
The kitchenette comes with a refrigerator and coffee machine.
The fully equipped kitchen includes kitchenware.
The air-conditioned villa offers a hot tub, mountain views and free Wi-Fi.
Rooms have a flat-screen TV.
Laundry facilities are also provided.
Breckenridge Ski Resort is just 6 miles away.
A range of restaurants, bars and shops can be found within 200 metres of the hotel.
The Frankfurt Messe Exhibition Centre can be reached in 9 minutes.
There are also a garden and sun terrace available for guests.
Free private parking is available on site.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and a 4x4 trips.
The restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and many of its recipes include homegrown produce.
A full Scottish breakfast is served in the morning.
Other facilities include electric heating and underfloor heating in the bathroom.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing massage, go to the sauna or work out at the gym.
Within 1.9 km from the property, you will find Museu de Portimão and TEMPO - Teatro Municipal de Portimão.
Bordeaux Train Station is a 12-minute drive from this apartment.
Free WiFi is available.
Certain units feature a seating area where you can relax.
There is a private bathroom and a seating area.
You will find a shared lounge and hairdresser's at the property.
The camp is located about 30 km away from Siana Airport and 245 km from Nairobi.
Tang Ngin Homestay features houses built on stilts in Pailĭn.
The hotel also provides a children's and teens club, as well as a business centre.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this holiday home.
Queen Alia international Airport is 20 miles away.
Bangkok City Pillar is 450 metres from the property, while Temple of the Emerald Buddha is 550 metres away.
Some include a heart-shaped spa bath or an electric fireplace.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The hotel has a mini canteen serving Indonesian food.
Offered extras include a terrace, barbecue and garden furniture.
The nearest airport is Salgado Filho Airport, 73 km from the property.
Featuring a spa bath, the private bathroom also comes with a shower and towels.
Extras include a desk.
Rooms at Hotel De La Ville are decorated and classically furnished and have carpeted floors.
Holiday home Skovvej Knebel XI is located in Skødshoved Strand.
A desk and a wardrobe are also included, while shower facilities are available in the en suite bathrooms.
Airport shuttle is possible at a surcharge.
You can reach the Mediterranean Sea in 35 minutes by car.
There is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
This hotel is located directly on the beach promenade in the Black Sea coastal resort of Adler.
Smoking is permitted on the terrace, one on each floor.
There is a flat-screen TV, microwave and refrigerator in every unit.
Greet the morning with the breakfast buffet in the breakfast room.
The nearest airport is Split Airport, 11 km from Apartment Alberto 1.
All accommodation has free Wi-Fi.
Guests can find a free internet point and free beach towels during their stay.
The Liverpool Street as well as the bank district can be reached within a 10-minute walk.
Free public parking is available on site at the apartment.
Liangjiang International Airport is about a 3-hour drive away.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Boat trips across Lake Garda leave from the dock, which is 5 minutes' drive away.
A TV is available.
There is a variety of restaurants in the centre of Braunlage, a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
Some rooms of Hotel Bonarda offer a microwave and refrigerator.
Nearby there is a restaurant (2,5 km) and a shopping area (2,5 km).
Guests can use the shared lounge on site and can enjoy breakfast in the dining room with terrace.
The property features views of the sea and is 1.1 km from Batumi Archeological Museum.
A TV and fridge are included in all rooms at the Olympic Hotel. Each has a private bathroom with shower.
Local and international dishes are served at Mermaid coffee shop, open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Offering a restaurant, the hotel has free Wi-Fi and on-site parking.
There is free public parking on site.
A typical Italian breakfast buffet is served daily next door at Hotel Garden.
Guests can purchase own-produced white wine on site.
Casa Stefano E Lucia is near the town’s ski lifts.
It offers affordable air-conditioned rooms with cable TVs and free Wi-Fi.
Guests have access to free parking nearby.
Guests can also prepare hot meals and snacks at the common kitchen area.
Tbilisi International Airport is 78 km away.
Hiking, fishing and several sport activities can be practised nearby.
The property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
The restaurant offers breakfast and dinner service.
A TV is provided in each air-conditioned guest room at this motel.
There is a terrace where you can enjoy sea views.
B&B Sa Cruxitta serves a sweet and savoury breakfast that includes homemade food.
Bad Gastein Train Station is set 2.1 km away.
Holiday home Kjøddtynjan Nexø Denm is located in Snogebæk.
Superior rooms also include a TV and a seating area.
Rooms are equipped with air conditioning and private bathrooms.
The property offers free parking.
Guests can access the slopes directly from Villa Becker.
A ski bus stops next to the property.
Other amenities offered include meeting facilities, a ticket service and a tour desk.
You can also go hiking and explore Teide National Park.
Goa International Airport is 19 km away.
Aside from a business centre, the resort provides free parking.
Free WiFi access is available.
Naples International Airport is 38 km away.
At Riad Dollar Des Sables you will find massage sessions and a terrace.
Chiang Mai International Airport is 70 km from the property.
Upon request and against surcharge a shuttle service can be arranged.
A fitness centre is located on site. Ski storage is available.
Krasnoyarsk Train Station is 3.5 km from the property.
The living room comes with a flat-screen satellite TV and a dining area.
Apartments Danica is a self-catering accommodation located in Karlobag.
Set in the centre of Salerno, Appartamento dei Mercanti is just 150 metres from Salerno Cathedral.
Free WiFi is available.
Free WiFi access is available.
Each room at the Air View Inn includes a microwave and refrigerator.
All of them have private bathrooms with fresh towels and hot running water.
It is 50 km to Varna.
Guests can enjoy a hot breakfast during their stay.
Room service is available.
All have a private bathroom, desk and wooden floors.
Gilleleje Golf Course is a 4-minute drive away.
Timijiraque Bay and Puerto de la Estaca can be reached within a 30-minute drive.
The nearest airport is Tokyo Haneda International Airport, 4 km from Kelly Business Hotel.
A dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchenette.
An ATM/cash machine is also available on-site.
A fully equipped kitchen and dining area are provided at Apartment 605.
Interconnected rooms are available on request.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The unit fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator.
Pebbly Beach is just a 10-minute drive away and Batemans Bay is 20 minutes’ drive.
Guests have access to the nearby New York Sports Club fitness centre.
The resort is only a 5-minute drive from Boracay Port.
The spacious apartments have a balcony.
The living room comes with a sofa, flat-screen TV, CD and DVD player.
In addition, relaxing massages are available on request and at an additional cost.
The hotel is 4 km from Benidorm and there is easy road access to Terra Mítica and Terra Natura Theme Parks.
Every room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
This two-bedroom apartment is equipped with a TV, air conditioning and a kitchen.
Locarno is 56.4 km from Bella Omegna Apartments, while Passo del Sempione is 66 km from the property.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning at this Timhotel.
Kopi on Bisma serves coffee and cakes on site.
Rio de Janeiro/Galeao International Airport is located 24 km away.
Free WiFi is available.
A continental breakfast with cinnamon buns and pancakes is offered every morning.
Tambor is 44 km from the property.
Featuring a bath or shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
In the surroundings, you will find several shops and restaurants.
The hotel also offers bike hire and car hire.
Spice Bazaar is 2.7 km from Artemis Apartment, while Galata Tower is 3.2 km from the property.
With free WiFi and free parking, it comes with a shared garden.
Omni Shoreham offers tasteful and comfortable accommodations.
A flat-screen TV, minibar feature in the air-conditioned suites.
This resort provides free shuttle services to St.
Guests have discounts at Lana and Sarnonico Dolomiti golf clubs nearby.
City maps are provided at the reception.
The nearest airport is Mariscal Sucre Airport, 20 km from the property.
You can make fresh tea or have a drink from the minibar.
They also include refrigerators, coffee makers and hairdryers.
Limassol Town lies within 15 km, while Paphos International Airport is 49 km.
Budva is 18 km away.
Each morning, a breakfast buffet is prepared in the Hotel Beckmann's breakfast room.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are available.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 12 km from RedDoorz near Sanur Beach.
The restaurant serves traditional Asturian gastronomic dishes cooked on a wood-fired grill.
Guests can prepare meals in the well-equipped kitchen.
Other facilities at Mermaid Luxury Villas - Aquata include a barbecue.
The building is located in the heart of the Equipetrol neighbourhood, steps away from restaurants and commerce.
Some feature a courtyard view, sink and tea and coffee making facilities.
Boiçucanga beach is 7 km from the chalets.
The property is 1.5 km from Pacha and boasts views of the city.
There is a public beach right in front of the hotel.
At Kaleb Pansion guests will find a mini market and a bar.
Located in Limenaria Village, Villa Mare Nostrum is just 20 metres from the beach.
Private bathrooms have a bathtub or shower.
Raimundo Correia Apartment is a luxurious self-catering accommodation located in Rio de Janeiro.
The hotel also features a 24-hour front desk.
The apartment features a TV and a washing machine. The bathroom comes with a bath.
Each room includes an en suite bathroom and access to a shared lounge with a fireplace.
Shuttle services and a car rental are also provided for a surcharge.
Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport is located 4 km away.
Geneva is 45 km away.
The hotel is one mile from Cove Island Park, which is located on Cove Harbor.
Vila California provides also a garden with barbecue facilities.
WiFi is free in the entire hotel.
Rooms may be located at a separate location 1.4 km from the check-in address.
The bungalow comes with air-conditioning, a fridge and a spacious bathroom with a shower.
Facilities provided include a games room and a 24-hour front desk.
Spencer Museum of Art is 1.5 miles from the motel.
They feature free Wi-Fi.
Athens International Airport is at 32 km.
Bed linen is featured.
Rooms either have private or communal bathroom facilities.
Whipple Dam State park is 20 miles away.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The Central Park and The Copán Ruins Museum are 100 metres from the property, while the Copán Church is 200 metres away.
They offer a kitchenette with a coffee machine, microwave and fridge.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. The property offers free parking.
A TV with cable channels, an iron and a minibar are included in the air-conditioned rooms.
At Villa La Estancia you will find a garden and a terrace. Other facilities like a shared lounge are offered.
Bed linen is provided.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
London Heathrow Airport is 35 minutes away by public transport.
The property offers free parking.
Apache Gold Casino is 5 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
A supermarket is 100 metres away and a restaurant is 30 metres from the property.
Penzion Gabriel is located in the town Vysoké Tatry, at the feet of the High Tatras.
A number of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and hiking.
It offers air-conditioned apartment with a furnished balcony and free WiFi access.
Kefalonia Airport is at 10 km.
The rooms are elegant, featuring classic dark wood interiors.
It provides free private parking.
Cordelia Hotel is situated in Tbilisi, a 3-minute walk away from Saint Trinity Church.
It is in the peaceful countryside of Massa Lubrense.
It features a state-of-the-art spa centre with massages and beauty procedures.
They are all equipped with a fan, while the kitchen comes with a fridge and stove.
The University Clinic is just 100 metres from the property, and Pamplona Planetarium is 150 metres away.
Located in Cortina, Panorama is 300 metres from its historic centre.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Extras include a desk and bed linen.
A washing machine can be used at an additional cost.
Extras include a safety deposit box.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
It offers free 2-way airport and port transfer.
Rooms at Shamrock Arms Guest Lodge have a private entrance, and some face the gardens.
WiFi is available in public areas and carries a surcharge.
At Holiday home Sukkertoppen Rømø XI you will find a sauna and a hot tub.
There is also a bar.
All rooms have en suite facilities, a TV and tea/coffee-making facilities.
Enjoying a quiet location in Axams, Appartement Schlössl is set in a former farm house which has been renovated.
Guadalajara International Airport is 20 minutes’ drive.
Free parking is available for all guests.
The nearest airport is Boryspil International Airport, 34 km from the property.
The hotel is 89 km away from Durban International Airport and 8 km from Pietermaritzburg Airport.
Willa Laff is located in Władysławowo, 1.3 km from the sea.
This family run guest house is decorated in country-style.
Free private parking is available on site.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
The kitchen includes a cooking stove, a microwave and a fridge.
A continental breakfast is available on site.
Some rooms are complete with a spa bath.
The family-run Filaktos Studios is located in Skala Sotiros within 80 metres from the beach.
Satellite TV, a fridge and a dining area are standard in all apartments.
The villa also offers balconies and a large garden.
Private bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
It offers rooms with a private balcony and a kitchenette.
Guests can enjoy Thai and Western dishes at Bann Suan Restaurant.
The nearest airport is Tolmachevo Airport, 19 km from the property.
Breakfast is daily served at the dining area of Royal Marmin Bay Boutique & Art Hotel.
Miami city centre is less than 15 minutes’ drive away.
The living room includes 2 sofas, a fireplace, a dining area and a flat-screen TV.
Restaurants are available in 1 km, shops are as close as 400m.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a microwave.
The Apollo Hospital is 3 km away.
Piarco Airport is 2 km away.
The Carolina Civic Center is 2 miles away.
The property can assist with car rental services.
The restaurants of Elruha serve regional delicacies and dishes from international cuisine.
Guests are free to use the outdoor barbecue in warm weather.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
This unique ice hotel is located on St. Helen’s Island, 5 km from Montreal city centre.
Breakfast buffet is served at the hotel.
Igea Marina Train Station is 150 metres from the Villa Rossi.
Guests can enjoy the fabulous Gold Coast weather on the sun terrace.
The hotel is a 1-minute walk from the renovated 1920s cinema, Le Grand Ecran.
Breakfast is available each morning, and regional German dishes are served in the evenings.
The Silvrettacenter leisure centre is about 600 metres away.
You will find a shared kitchen equipped with a kettle, fridge, oven and microwave.
The living room comes with a fireplace and flat-screen TV.
At Cabañas Don Tobias, guests will find a sun terrace and a solarium.
The apartment is 14 km from Petrovsky Stadium.
Fenix Beach boasts tennis courts and sun terraces.
The Angamaly Railway Station and Angamaly Bus Station are 5 km.
Santa Eulalia del Río is 4.5 km away.
Palace Square is 3.3 km from Lesnoy prospekt 3.
Al Convento is 12 km from La Spezia centre.
Gradac Bus Station is 150 metres away.
Barbecue facilities are available free of charge.
Nea Anchialos Airport is at a distance of 85 km.
The chalet comes with a kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
Free private parking is available on site.
The rooms of Hotel Midye are elegantly decorated to create a warm setting.
Schiphol Airport is 11 km away.
Some rooms have a large flat-screen TV.
Parque de la 93’s trendy cafes and restaurants are just 3 blocks away.
The hotel restaurant serves homemade cuisine.
Burgas Airport is reachable within 25 km.
Marzamemi beach is 3.5 km from the property.
Please note that there is no elevator.
Rooms here will provide you with a patio and a seating area.
An internet corner is available free of charge.
Within 400 m shops and restaurants can be found.
The Krasnodar Regional Court is 2.2 km from the property and the Olimp Sports Complex is 3.2 km away.
The resort is 10 km from Saint-Raphaël and 43 km from Saint-Tropez.
You can enjoy river views from all rooms.
The villages of Platanias and Gerani are 3 km away.
It can be reached in only 2 minutes by car or public bus.
Split International Airport is 25 km from the Sweet Dreams Accommodation.
Kotor is 9 km from Apartment Braic, while Sveti Stefan is 30 km away.
Paid parking is also possible at 200 metres.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning.
Trastevere Lovely House is a self-catering accommodation located in Rome.
Free parking is available nearby.
The Cava Grande del Cassabile Natural Reserve is a 5-minute drive from the property.
Situated in Prague, Tesla Apartments is 300 metres from Prague National Museum.
Guests can also dine in a casual atmosphere featuring fresh, regional cuisine at Sam's Restaurant and Bar.
You can park your car free of charge in front of the hotel.
A continental breakfast is served every morning.
Each apartment features a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
The apartment can accommodate up to 4 persons.
Free private parking is available on site.
Mui Ne Bo Ke is 3.9 km away.
It is 11 km from Jodhpur Railway Station while Jodhpur Airport is 17 km.
Comillas and Oyambre Nature Reserve are within 15 minutes’ drive away.
The Albur Village is a 51-minute drive from the Faro International Airport.
Guests are also welcome to use the shared kitchen.
The nearest airport is Linate Airport, 3 km from Wide Flat.
Extras include a safety deposit box, linen and a fan.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Rooms include a balcony, flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi access.
Guests can also grab Starbucks coffee to ensure a strong start to the day.
The property is located 200 m from the water and you can enjoy a view of the sea from this home.
The property offers free parking.
Several ferries to islands in the archipelago leave from the marina.
There is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Konnos Beach and Trinity Beach at 4 km.
There is also free on-site parking.
The apartments each provide you with a dining area and a sofa.
The villa offers free private parking on-site
Free high-speed WiFi and free private parking are available.
Busch Gardens, Historic Jamestown and Water Country USA are a 20-minute drive from the premises.
Homemade meals can be prepared in the kitchen which is furnished with an oven, refrigerator and stovetop.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
The nearest airport is Anapa Airport, 36 km from the property.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Some have balconies with unobstructed views of the mountain panorama.
The stylish bar is also a great place to relax.
Local restaurants are available in Ponte da Barca’s centre, just 4 km away.
Hotel guests have free access to Nordic Walking poles on request.
The homestay also offers bike hire.
Both Sanjiaozhou Island and Coast Hotspring Resort are 5 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
The air-conditioned rooms include parquet floors, satellite TV and minibar.
Kastoria National Airport is at a distance of 12 km.
You can get to Ilhabela’s village in about 20 minutes by car.
All rooms are fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
The Village Inn Leavenworth’s Wine Bar offers flights and wine pairing experiences.
Breakfast is continental style, and can be enjoyed on the garden terrace in fine weather.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
It offers spacious ocean-facing villas with private pool and kitchen.
The restaurant serves traditional Czech cuisine.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Alba Adriatica and its beaches are 25 km from La Solagna.
Staff can offer information on diving, hiking and rock climbing activities.
Presidente Castro Pinto International Airport is 14 km away.
Located on the beach front road at Karon Beach, Coral Inn has a restaurant and bar.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is located 14 km from the property.
Zambujeira do Mar is 36 km away.
The property offers free parking.
The Red Square is 12 km away from the property.
Bathroom facilities are shared.
Guests can enjoy breakfast on the veranda.
The traditional huts have thatched roof and are made of bamboo.
A 10-minute drive from Gold Coast Water Park, Zhong Da Jindu Hotel offers massage treatments and sauna facilities.
Prince Hall offers local food and Cantonese cuisine.
Hotel Les Acanthes is a 25-minute drive from Avignon or Nîmes.
The Loft bedrooms accessible by only stairs feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The ample bathrooms include both a bathtub and shower facilities.
For other meals, guests can dine at Ronnie's Wings & Oyster Bar, the on-site restaurant.
In-room massage services are available for a surcharge as well.
Located on Krabi Island, FahThai Villa is a short 10-minute walk from the beach.
Apartamentos Miriam are situated within a 10-minute walk of Puerto Rico’s sheltered beach and harbour.
Cafes and markets are a 5-minute walk from House on Lenin Street.
Guests can count on 24-hour front desk assistance and book tours at the onsite tour desk.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Hotel dei Sette is set next to a 14th-century church and close to Vasto's public park.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Pier 42 Boutique Resort & Spa is a 45-minute drive from Phuket International Airport.
The property offers free parking.
A grocery shop is available 50 metres away, while a supermarket can be found 350 metres from the property.
The town centre is just 100 metres away and the bus station is 500 metres from Apartment Pusynas.
It is surrounded by a planted garden and the Masone Labyrinth is 4 km away.
A coin-launderette is on-site and ski storage is available.
Most rooms feature a balcony or terrace.
Located in the San Lorenzo area, it is a 10-minute walk from Roma Termini Train Station.
There is a private bathroom attached.
Free WiFi is provided in all rooms.
Some include a kitchenette.
Room service is available upon request.
They both have a kitchen too.
Parking is available for free.
Tivat Airport is at a distance of 7 km.
The accommodation comes with a satellite flat-screen TV.
A personal safe and ironing facilities are included.
Towels and bed linen are included.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Shops and a restaurant can be found within 50 metres from the property.
Scandinavian-style rooms come with a seating area and a coffee machine.
It also offers free private parking.
Free private parking is also available at this aparthotel.
At Holiday Villa La Joya you will find a garden, bbq facilities and a terrace.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Isola Bella (800 metres) and Mazzaro (800 metres).
At the tour desk, guests can book several tours to the Great Barrier Reef.
It is a nineteenth-century farmhouse with free Wi-Fi access.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for diving.
The guest house also offers bike hire and car hire.
Hiking and bicycling can be enjoyed in the surroundings.
Dinner can be eaten in the restaurant or during the summer months, on the terrace.
Guests can rent bicycles for a fee to explore the local areas.
Spa services, including massage, can also be arranged.
Some rooms come with a shared bathroom, and cottages include a private bathroom.
Bavarian and German specialities are served in the Gasthaus Pension Salzberg's restaurant.
Located in the Kaohsiung Municipality Region, Lion King Hotel offers cosy accommodation.
Select rooms have views of the garden or city.
Laundry and ironing facilities are possible at a surcharge.
The studios additionally feature a kitchenette.
The Aztec Motel features an outdoor pool surrounded by a sun terrace.
Certain units feature views of the mountains or garden.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Apartment Yefremova 18.
Posada is 40 km from Casa Vacanze Villa Rosetta, while Nuoro is 21 km from the property.
Currency exchange is provided upon request. There is also a fitness centre at Popway Hotel.
Alex&George hotel is situated next to the popular Sigma Commercial Center.
The reception at the Crystal Palace is open 24 hours a day.
Featuring free WiFi and a sauna, Manand Hotel offers accommodation in Yerevan, 1.1 km from Republic Square.
Grocery delivery and in-room breakfast are available upon request.
Extras include a sofa, a desk and bed linen.
Hepburn Regional Park is a 25-minute drive away.
Located in the resort of Playa De Las Americas, Hotel La Siesta is set 300 metres from the beach.
The M5 motorway is about 10 km away.
Aviemore Apartment is a 4-minute drive from Jindabyne town centre.
All air-conditioned rooms feature a TV, a hairdryer and an electrical kettle.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Porto Vecchio Port is 30 km from the property and Figari Airport is 47 km away.
On some occasions during the low season, it is served at a local café.
Drivers can make free use of the Ana Apartments’ private parking spaces.
There is also a bar and restaurant, which are open from June to August.
Extras include an iPod dock, a CD player and cable channels.
Los Angeles International Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
Royal Heaven Villas offer ultra all-inclusive service.
Sassari is 24 km from Antica Pensione Pinna, while Tula is 31 km from the property.
Each room includes a private bathroom with shower.
There is a shared lounge where guests can chat with each other and watch TV.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Cafes and shops are a 10-minute walk away.
The property is a 15-minute drive to Kata and Karon Beaches.
Spa area, as well as massages and various cosmetics treatments can be used at a surcharge.
Free parking is available outside the hotel.
The property is 400 metres from St.
Maple syrup is produced and sold on site.
Free WiFi access is available.
the communal lunge has a fireplace designed by the owners.
Mexico City zocalo square is a 1-hour drive away.
In the mornings, a rich breakfast is served as an open buffet.
It features a seasonal outdoor pool and hot tub.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
There is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Some of them have a balcony with city views.
The area is popular for cycling and hiking.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
Atibaia Bus Station is situated just a 15-minute drive from this guest house.
It offers a Moroccan-style spa area built in 2010.
Its spacious rooms offer cable TV with HBO.
The kitchen has an oven.
The accommodation is air conditioned and comes with a hot tub.
Il Cucù is located in the centre of Frascati, a 5-minute walk from the train station.
Overlooking Salina Bay, Qawra Palace Hotel has its own indoor and outdoor swimming pools.
Central Station is a 15-minute walk.
Most rooms overlook the lake.
An 31 Homestay is located just a 10-minute drive from Qi Xin Tan Scenic Area and Beach.
Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport is 6 km away.
An oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen.
Guests can go for shopping at Al Faisaliah Mall which is 2 km away from Carawan Al Fahad Hotel.
Rooms feature a flat-screen cable TV with HBO.
Plaza de Espana is 3.9 km from Apartamento Beli, while Tivoli World is 1.3 km away.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided throughout the property.
Di Danieri Hotel offers free parking upon request.
The complex offers a beach restaurant and a diving centre, located just a minute walk from the villa.
A minibar and a TV with satellite channels are featured in the guest rooms and suites at Laico Hôtel.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Airport Hotel Park Blue features free WiFi .
There is a shared lounge and gift shop at the property.
It features ultra-modern machineries.
Pescara can be reached by car in 30 minutes.
The homestay also offers car hire.
Malaga Airport is 31 km away.
Whitefish Mountain Resort is 50 miles away from Glacier Haven Inn.
The guest house is 500 metres from Palazzo Vecchio.
Brindisi Airport is 4 km away.
Free wireless internet access is also available at the hotel.
All units are functionally furnished.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests can enjoy a rich buffet breakfast, served daily in the hotel’s elegantly furnished dining room.
The town of Ioannina is 42 km away.
You can visit Saint-Chaffre Abbey, just 600 metres away and Les Estables ski resort is at 15 km.
The rooms are also equipped with a work desk and coffee maker.
You can enjoy Mountain View and city view from the room.
The Portoss is located in a wooden building from 1901.
Facilities include a TV, dishwasher and washing machine.
Also featured is an international buffet restaurant.
Guests can enjoy a fitness centre at Park City Lespri Unit 204.
The Portuguese Sierra de San Mamede Nature Reserve is set only 300 metres from the property.
Access to the A and C metro lines is just 800 metres away.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and oven.
Arimo is a 5-minute drive from Pesaro Train Station.
A flat-screen TV is there as well.
The nearest airport is Malpensa Airport, 84 km from the Villa Victoria.
The property features a private swimming pool.
A valet parking service is also available.
You can enjoy garden views from the rooms.
Free WiFi access is available.
Most of the bedrooms are equipped with an en suite bathroom.
Some accommodations feature a private swimming pool and a fully equipped kitchen.
Sanremo Casino is 500 metres from Sea Apartment.
Some units feature a seating area and/or balcony.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. The property offers free parking.
Su-Mis Guest House has a cafe serving local cuisine.
Live music and folklore shows are also available some nights.
There is also a TV lounge, allowing you to relax in the evenings.
Private bathrooms are equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
There are 2 golf courses within 3 km from the property. The Main Bus and Train Station are 2 km away.
The private bathrooms are fitted with a bath or a shower.
Other facilities at Keysplease - Luxury 2 Bedroom Dubai include a fitness centre.
Breakfast is served every morning at La Gelinotte.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
Beach equipment is also offered.
Zemborzyce Train Station is 7 km away.
A continental breakfast is available daily.
They are equipped with a satellite TV and a mini bar.
The holiday home provides you with a sauna and a hot tub.
Free private parking is available on site.
Ataturk Airport is 21 km away.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Local bars, restaurants and shops can be found within a 10-minute walk.
Rooms at the Beechwood Close Hotel and Restaurant have bright, modern decor.
A cable TV is provided in each room at the Best Western Plus Monahans Inn and Suites.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The à la carte restaurant on site serves tasty dishes, such as grilled steak or fish.
Guests can enjoy a drink in the bar at hotel Mansart.
The ancient town of Kotor is 15 km away.
The inn also offers car hire.
The bathroom includes a bath, shower and toilet.
It features a beautiful landscaped garden and it is a 10-minute drive from the picturesque Nafplio.
Free private parking is available on site.
Rio Vermelho is only a 5-minute drive from Praça Civica.
Some units are fitted with a dining area and/or balcony.
Laptop rentals and photocopying services are provided at the front desk.
The nearest airport is Barcelona El Prat Airport, 11 km from the property.
The unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and microwave.
Each room comes with a private bathroom.
The air-conditioned three-bedroom house features a patio and comes with a fully equipped kitchen and dining area.
The restaurant serves Romanian and international cuisine and features an inviting summer terrace.
Arcona is 13 km from the beaches of Otranto and the Alimini Lakes.
The British Museum, Covent Garden and the area’s many shops are within easy reach.
The property also offers free parking.
Guests benefit from terrace.
Museum of the Nation is 6 km from Apart Peru 2, while San Martín Square is 8 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is also available in this property.
Some rooms offer a jetted tub, hairdryer and direct sea views.
Free parking is available on site.
Free WiFi access is available.
Split Airport is located 20 km away.
The private bathroom is fitted with a bathtub.
Guests can enjoy bowling, billiard and darts.
They all have private seating areas.
Private parking is available for an extra charge.
There are 2 free parking spaces.
Rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and satellite channels.
The Expourense Exhibition Centre is just 7 km from the hotel.
Restaurants and cafés can be found within a 5-minute walk of the hotel.
Some of the rooms also offer views of the patio.
Free WiFi is provided.
The hotel also has an outdoor pool with swim-up bar.
La Piscine Art and Science Museum is a 18-minute drive away.
There is a 24-hour front desk and shops at the property.
WiFi internet access is free.
Brac Airport is located 57 km away.
Guests can cook in the kitchenette equipped with a microwave, stove, oven and fridge.
Guests can enjoy a meal with family and friends in the barbecue area.
The Millstätter See Golf Course and the Goldeck Ski Area are both 7 km away.
Miami International Airport is 21 km away.
The on-site restaurant serves traditional Trentino and Italian specialities.
The City Hotel is near Ancona's Courthouse and 10 minutes' walk from the harbour.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant.
South-Fork is located in Vibøge and can accommodate up to twelve persons.
Apartment Idrijca also includes a terrace.
At Modrzewiowy Dwór you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Xi'an Xianyang International Airport is 45 minutes' drive away.
Melbourne Airport is located 25.5 km from the property.
Le Scuole - ColleMassari Hospitality is located a 15-minute drive from Cinigiano and offers hotel accommodation.
Casa din Noua is located just 2 minute on foot from the Aqua Park.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
Samui Airport is located 9 km away.
The Alpenbad public swimming pool is 500 metres away.
Each room includes a TV and a private bathroom with shower.
Case Saniela is just a 3-minute walk from the local beaches of Terrasini Favarotta.
The hotel serves a typical Dutch buffet breakfast every morning.
The on-site restaurant serves typical regional cuisine.
Free Wi-Fi is provided and complimentary private parking is available.
The playroom containing many toys can also be used free of charge.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
All rooms come with a balcony.
The living room has glass windows which are 10 metres wide and offer a view on the adjacent canal.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is also a playground at your disposal, as well as a sauna available at extra charge.
In addition, Vinci, Leonardo da Vinci’s hometown, is a 35-minute drive away.
The accommodation is air conditioned and has a seating and dining area.
The kitchen is fitted with a fridge.
The hotel has a bar and a regional-style restaurant and with a good selection of wines.
Kiwengwa is 40 km from Tina House - Jambian, while Paje is 5 km away.
A TV, a low table and seating cushions are provided.
It also comes with a balcony, a flat-screen TV, a wardrobe and a washing machine.
Daily maid service is provided for free.
Each villa features a private pool and gazebo.
It offers free Wi-Fi and parking.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
All rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Apartment 40 let Oktyabrya.
In summer, the in-house restaurant and bar serves a variety of Swedish and international dishes.
Pulkovo Airport is 11 km away.
It offers a sauna, a swimming pool and a hot tub.
Some rooms have a balcony.
Just a 10-minute drive from Al Masjid Al Haram, Durrat Al Masafi is located in Mecca.
Mall of Arabia can be reached by car in 14 minutes.
The Volerie des Aigles Attraction Park is a 25-minute drive away.
All are equipped with a private bathroom and shower.
Towels and bed linen are featured at Domumetro na K.Simonova.
The heated rooms come with an electric kettle and a TV with cable channels.
Two hot tubs offer guests a place to relax at Paradise Cove Resort.
There is room service and hairdresser's at the property.
Free parking is possible on site.
Some rooms feature views of the sea or mountains.
A simple breakfast with toast and jam, cereals, tea and coffee is provided each morning.
It offers elegant accommodation with a TV set and a kitchenette.
Ratchathewi BTS is a 20-minute drive away.
Encore de Frieira River can be reached in 15 minutes by car.
Buninskaya Alleya Metro Station is a 12-minute walk away.
Guests will find a restaurant within 500 metres from the property.
During summer the rate includes beach service (1 umbrella and 2 sun loungers per room).
Marbella is a 15-minute drive from Sea Flower Miraflores Golf and Beach.
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
They come with LCD satellite TV, air conditioning and safety deposit box.
Las Américas International Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
Worlds of Fun Amusement Park is a 20-minute drive from Fairfield Kansas City.
Each is equipped with a TV and hairdryer.
Coromandel Township is 40 minutes' drive away.
This holiday home is 78 km from Billund Airport.
They include wooden furniture and a private bathroom.
Guests can enjoy bathing in the spacious public baths and relax in the garden terrace.
The homestay also features a dining area.
Free private parking and free Wi-Fi are provided on site.
It includes free WiFi and air conditioning.
At Le Relais des Sites, a continental breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Free private parking is provided in the premises.
BBQ facilities are available as well.
Parking onsite is available should you wish to arrive by car.
The nearest airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 3 km from the property.
Free WiFi access and a flat-screen TV are provided in this self-catering apartment.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
The property offers free parking and WiFi access.
Redmond Regional Medical Center is 5 minutes' drive away.
There is free WiFi and on-site parking.
You can play billiards at the inn.
Each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with slippers.
Piazza del Popolo square is a 2-minute walk away.
The nearest airport is Krakow - Balice Airport, 83 km from the property.
Le Mas des Couleurs is located in Banne, 8 km from the Ardèche River.
A flat-screen TV with access to cable channels is equipped in each room at the Motel 6 Denton.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
In the vicinity of Apartments Casa Vacanze Dante guests will find various restaurants, cafes and stores.
The restaurant also serves Chinese food and provides a 24-hour room service.
A golf course is 900 metres away.
Treviso Airport is 115 km from the property.
They include tea/coffee making facilities and some rooms have city views.
Mohammed V International Airport is 87 km away.
A refrigerator and microwave are also featured in each room.
The hotel’s well-stocked bar serves a variety of drinks.
Plaza Catalunya is 1 km from Center of Barcelona - Travel Support.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen TV.
The nearest airport is Kazan International Airport, 26 km from the property.
The bathroom has a shower and it comes with hairdryer.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Grocery deliveries and shuttle services are provided upon request.
Expo 2017 Astana is 5 km away.
Contemporary cuisine can be enjoyed in La Lorelei restaurant, while seasonal dishes are offered in Roots brasserie.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The hotel is a 10-minute drive to Chiang Mai University and Central Kad Suan Kaew.
The cosy hotel bar is an elegant choice for after dinner drinks.
It provides free WiFi and a surrounding garden with outdoor seating and a playground.
Free parking and rooms with free wired internet access are provided.
The Romanian border is only 15 km away.
Staff are willing to help all guests at the front desk.
Each room is decorated in neutral colours and has a seating area.
Electric kettle is also provided. The attached bathroom comes with shower facility.
A flat-screen TV is available.
It offers a fully equipped kitchen and 6 bedrooms with private bathrooms.
A private bathroom is fitted with a shower and includes free towels.
Juanda International Airport is 20 minutes’ drive away from the property.
The tour desk can offer tips for getting around the area.
At the Cour Maison Residence, you will find a large garden, furnished with tables and chairs.
It is served in the breakfast room with views of the mountains.
The distance from Baltica Apartments to the famous wooden pier in Sopot is 450 metres.
Featuring a relaxing ambience, each room at Siena Hotel comes with an LCD TV with pay-per-view channels, a fridge and a telephone.
Free private parking is available on site.
The Main Train Station is 1.3 km away.
Lisbon International Airport is a 78-minute drive away.
Bivouac Akabar is located in Merzouga in the middle of the dunes.
A laundry service is offered, and the Amadeus has a 24-hour reception.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including horse riding and hiking.
The apartment will provide you with a flat-screen TV, and a seating area.
The private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Gardens are featured at The Inn Notchland for guests to enjoy.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. The property offers free parking.
All rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bidet.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
Posada de Campo Maia also has a restaurant, a snack bar and a games room.
Lourdes Airport is 40 km from this property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered at All Suite Colosseo.
Each includes a private bathroom with a hairdryer and amenities.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Rooms here come with a seating area and an electric kettle.
It offers 24-hour room service and rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Novorossiysk is 40 km from Livadiya Guest House, while Vityazevo is 11 km from the property.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Private parking is available on site.
At Domek pod Lasem na Mazurach you will find a terrace and free private parking.
They are surrounded by palm trees and fields.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower and provides a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Between November and March, both villas have access to a shared hot tub.
They all include a flat-screen TV while some include access to the Executive Lounge.
Guests can relax in the swimming pool, hot tub or on the terrace.
Other comforts include nightwear and toiletries.
The hostel will provide you with air conditioning and heating facilities.
The property is a 5-minute walk to Lake Market. It is a 10-minute drive to Central Department Store.
Shops and restaurants can be found in Marckolsheim, just 5 km away.
On request, breakfast is available every morning.
A TV is provided. There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
At Hostal Boutique Esquina Elquina B&B guests will find a garden. The property offers free parking.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher and oven. A microwave and coffee machine are also available.
The units feature free WiFi and private or shared bathroom facilities.
Located in Blanes, One-Bedroom Apartment in Blanes I is an apartment boasting a year-round outdoor pool.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Guests can have fun at the bowling alley.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
light snacks and drinks can also be enjoyed here.
Cabo Frio International Airport is 30 km away.
Free WiFi access is available, along with free parking at the rear of the property.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Villa Poletti.
A safety deposit box is standard in each unit.
Shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
Both a shop and a restaurant can be found only 50 metres away.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
It is 30 minutes’ drive from Thredbo Village and Perisher Valley.
Guests can relax by the pool which is equipped with sun loungers and parasols.
The nearest airport is Ljubljana Airport, 21 km from the property.
Linens and towels are provided.
Holiday home Ølstedvej is located in Brobyværk.
These family-run apartments are located in Lübben, in the heart of the Spreewald Forest.
Studios on the ground floor also have a private patio.
Kazansky, Leningradsky and Yaroslavsky Train Stations are 3 metro stops away.
It is a 45-minute drive to Canberra and 2.5 hours’ drive to Sydney.
Athens is 20 km away.
Featuring tiled floors and a dining area, all rooms have cable TV and a work desk.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each room comes with a TV. A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Some units come with a fireplace, which can be used at a surcharge.
Private bathroom comes with a bath tub.
Main Bus Station can be found 1 km from the property, while Tivat Airport is just 5 km away.
Guests can start their day with a wholesome breakfast.
There are two bedrooms. Each bedroom offers a double bed.
Located in the bustling city centre of Xiamen, Oriental Amage Hotel is situated within the Mingfa Plaza.
Guests can avail of luggage storage and safety deposit.
Pachino is 6 km from the property.
Some rooms have seating areas with sofas.
Novorossiysk is 30 km from Guest House Na Rybatskom, while Vityazevo is 25 km from the property.
It offers free Wi-Fi, an outdoor pool and a luxury mountain spa.
This elegant hotel is found directly opposite Vaasa Train Station.
The Portuguese border is a 25-minute drive away.
The Costa Verde beaches are just a 5-minute walk away.
The unit is equipped with a kitchen.
A number of restaurants serving a range of local and international cuisines can be found within 4 km.
The Roman Fort of Arberia is a 5-minute walk from the building.
A fitness room featuring waterfall views is also available.
Exotic cocktails are available at the Getúlio Bar.
La Trucha Tranqui is 120 km from Mendoza city and 165 km from Mendoza local airport.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
All rooms come with a flat-screen TV.
Guests can request grocery packs in advance to cook meals at the property.
A range of shops, restaurants, and bars are available within 2 minutes’ walk of Apartamento en Campello.
A seating area and an electric kettle are also included.
A train and a bus station are 200 metres away.
Royal Crown features free WiFi throughout the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
The nearby A7 motorway quickly carries you to attractions throughout the region.
Livorno is a 35-minute drive from the property.
The shores of Lake Presseggersee are a 10-minute walk away.
Baleal Spot is a hotel located 50 metres from Baleal Beach with a restaurant and bar on site.
Ljubljana Main Square can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
Melodious Waves features free WiFi .
Guest can also relax with a drink at the bar.
Shuttle and concierge services are available.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
The Centre of Świnoujście is 1.3 km away.
If you would like to relax you can head to Atelier’s comfortable sitting room, complete with fireplace.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
It is located 8 miles from the Kemah Boardwalk.
Arzon’s marina is a lively area where you will find many bars, restaurants and shops.
Mysore Airport is 12 km from the hotel.
Breakfast and dinner are served in the Manducare Restaurant.
The bathroom includes a shower.
After their meal, guests can relax with a drink in the pub, which has a dart board and a pool table.
Guest rooms at the Riad Vert are stylishly decorated with traditional Moroccan furnishings.
Vorokhta is 20 km from Goryanka, while Verkhovyna is 39 km from the property.
You can enjoy city views.
Facilities include free Wi-Fi access, air conditioning and a minibar.
A business centre, meeting and banquet facilities are available.
Some units are air conditioned and include a seating and/or dining area.
The property is 46 km from Shrewsbury and free private parking is available.
The restaurant serves international cuisine and is open daily until late.
The property offers both guestrooms and beds in dormitory with air conditioning.
There is a free public parking on site.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
Rijeka Airport is 20 km from the property.
Lecco is 28 km from Casa Fiore, while Lugano is 40 km from the property.
There is also a 990 square meters natural plot.
The property is located 20-minute drive from Pordenone and 17 km from Maniago.
Every morning, Pateo do Morgado serves a continental breakfast.
It features a spa and wellness centre with hot tub and hammam.
Novosibirsk Airport is 18.5 km from the hostel, and a shuttle service is provided on request.
Meeting rooms and business services are also provided.
Batumi International Airport is 5 km from the property.
You will have free WiFi and free parking on site.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
All rooms are equipped with a luxurious bathroom, a seating area and a work desk.
The Hotel serves a buffet breakfast with eggs and fresh fruit.
The nearest airport is Lombok International Airport, 52 km from the property.
Kitchen facilities include a microwave, dining area and dishwasher.
Each air-conditioned room includes a TV with international channels.
With free Wi-Fi, rooms at Il Cantar have tiled floors.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The outdoor barbecue serves steaks and kebabs.
Valet parking and free WiFi are available as well.
Puerto del Rosario is 33 km from the house and a 35-minute drive will take you to Los Lagos.
Most rooms and all apartments have balconies with sea view.
The brand-new Avionika guest house with a Pizzeria on site can be found next to the mountain resort Klinovec in Krusne hory.
The nearest airport is Samui Airport, 5 km from the property.
WiFi throughout is free.
The ski bus stops in front of the house.
The private bathrooms come with shower and hairdryer.
Horseback riding can be organised 1 km away.
It features a large terrace with loungers and views of the surrounding mountains.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
Juan Santamaría International Airport is a 2-hour drive away.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels and DVD player, as well as a CD player are featured.
Restaurants and mini markets can be found 500 metres from Villa Athena.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Family Mall is a 2-minute walk away.
Some units at the Elandsheim feature a private bathroom.
Offering a restaurant, VVF Villages Montchavin La Plagne is located in Bellentre.
It has a terrace with panoramic views of the Mediterranean Sea and air-conditioned rooms.
Ski equipment can be rented on site.
The nearest airport is Orenburg Tsentralny Airport, 77 km from Guest House on Sovetskaya 76.
Borussia Park Stadium can be reached in 12 minutes by car.
The private bathroom comes with a shower or bath tub.
Air-conditioned guestrooms offer spacious interiors with modern furnishings.
All rooms come with a TV.
The nearest airport is Trieste Airport, 34 km from the property.
Why not round off a pleasant evening with a drink at the bar.
Pension Eliza’s bright rooms have views over Skiathos’ Town and the port.
At Saint Maurice you will find a garden.
Surfsand Resort offers a driver to surrounding attractions.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Párga is 18 km from Casa Sivota.
The kitchen has a dishwasher.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
At Peace Lodge you will find a garden and a bar.
At Morska Sreshta Guest House you will find a garden, a terrace and a shared kitchen.
Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport is 82 km away.
An array of entertainment including a flat-screen cable/satellite TV, a DVD and a computer are included in the unit.
The 5-star hotel is a 3.5-hour drive from the airport.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Room service is available.
Free private parking is available on site.
Hiking in the scenic Upland region is a popular leisure activity in the area.
South Bluff Golf Course is 6 km away.
The accommodation features free access to WiFi and private parking facilities, a garden and a snack bar.
You can enjoy breakfast in the comfort of your apartment with the products provided by the property.
The rooms have wooden furniture and either shared or private bathroom facilities.
Guests can also indulge in a traditional massage or soothe tense muscles at the sauna facility.
There is a large public bath within the property.
It features a furnished balcony and free Wi-Fi access.
The restaurant serves German and international cuisine, and a selection of wines is available.
Chiang Mai International Airport is a 25-minute ride away.
Other services provided at the hotel include a 24-hour front desk, currency exchange, and luggage storage services.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes and free toiletries.
Some have Tyrrhenian Sea views.
They all have a warm décor and a private bathroom.
Each restaurant offers special menus and live music.
The interiors offer a mixture of modern and antique.
Towels are featured.
Bike rides and fishing are also available for guest's leisure.
It features a private beach, a sauna and a fan zone with large screens.
Featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
All the units are air-conditioned.
Potos is 18 km from Meltemi Villa.
All rooms are simply furnished and decorated in pastel tones.
At a surcharge, guests have access to a fitness centre and a hot tub.
La Rioja Airport is 10 km away.
The nearest airport is Batumi International Airport, 3 km from Ilia's Apartment.
Phil Inn @ Dickson is a 7-minute walk to the 24-hour Mustafa Shopping Mall.
Vrahia Studios enjoy a quiet location on Agiassos Bay, only 150 metres from the seafront.
Upon arrival, guests are welcomed with a complimentary cup of coffee or tea.
La Rochelle - Ile de Re Airport is 6 km away.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the guesthouse.
A breakfast buffet is served here every morning.
A wide variety of Western and Asian delights can be prepared by the in-house chef.
Rafting, lift, safari and canyon tours can be arranged for an additional fee.
Car rental and dry cleaning services are also offered.
Guests can cook in the on-site shared kitchen.
Decorated in minimalist colours, rooms at the Casa E Il Mare Hotel are elegant and modern.
Guests can sunbathe by the poolside terrace or enjoy a relaxing bath in the en suite bathroom.
There is a shared bathroom with a bath or shower.
Typical Czech specialities and international cuisine is served in the restaurant of Hotel Bobík.
Free parking is available on site.
The Pune Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
A 5-minute walk to Lourdes Groto, the resort has an outdoor pool.
A games room is on-site and the front desk is ideally on-hand 24 hours a day.
A TV is provided.
An Italian breakfast including fresh fruit and yoghurt, as well as pastries is served each morning.
The five-bedroom accommodation will be provided with a TV and DVD player.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Alternatively, they can dine in the local café that is within a 15-minute walk of the property.
The property offers free private parking at a location nearby.
Hotel Lux features free WiFi throughout the property.
Václav Havel Airport Prague is located 16.5 km away.
There is a large living room area, complete with bar, billiards and newspapers.
Galeão International Airport is located 19 km away.
Forum Plaza provides free private parking on site.
Upon request, staff at reception can organise excursions to the Zingaro National Reserve.
There is a DJ most evenings.
Running tracks and walking paths are within 300 metres.
Via Cola di Rienzo shopping street is 1 km from the property, while Cipro Metro Station is a 5-minute walk away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Computers are available in the lobby for guest use.
Sofia’s city centre is a 10 minutes’ drive away.
Free private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport is Reno-Tahoe International Airport, 36 km from the property.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The hotel is 6.3 km from Tarabita. Pelileo is 20 minutes’ drive from Hostal Grand Rio.
The nearest airport is Batumi International Airport, 4 km from the property.
Kalemegdan Park and Fortress, as well as the Belgrade Zoo can be reached with a 5-minute walk.
They offer panoramic views over the lake and towards the glacier.
The Hotel Morales ideally places guests only minutes from a number of popular points of interest.
The cities of Bratislava and Dunajska Streda are to be reached within less than 25 minutes by car.
Caravaca de la Cruz is 20 km from Holiday Home Calasparra, while Jumilla is 43 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered at 28 de Julio.
Paradise Villas is 3 km from Tesco Lotus shopping mall Thep Prasit 1.
Florence is 47 km from Villa Valle, while Pisa is 28 km away.
Each has heating, parquet floors and a wardrobe.
Free WiFi is provided .
The hotel also has a bar on site.
A 24-hour front desk assists guests at Maceió Hotel Porto Grande.
Private bathrooms have a shower.
The property offers free WiFi in all areas.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Room and laundry service are also available.
Schwanden bei Brienz and Lake Brienz are a 15-minute drive away.
Rental bicycles are available on request.
Bathrooms are completed with free toiletries and hairdryers.
At Un Jardin Sur La Dune you will find free parking.
The Wyndham Milwaukee Airport Hotel and Convention Center is an ideal location for business or pleasure.
Haddington Golf Course can be reached in less than 10 minutes on foot.
Driving suits, helmets and spare parts are available in the on-site shop.
A traditional English afternoon tea and light snacks are served in the Garden room.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
A cable TV with HBO film channels is provided in each guest room at Pacific Inn and Suites.
It offers comfortable rooms with free Wi-Fi access.
Some rooms also offer sea views.
The bar features a large-screen TV, karaoke and a cocktail menu.
Some units include a balcony and/or patio with pool views.
Chatenay-Saint-Imbert is 5 km away and the Magny-Cours Circuit is 20 km from the property.
Room service is available only for limited hours.
Apartments Central Market is a self-catering accommodation located in Novosibirsk.
Gelendzhik Airport is 37 km away.
This holiday home is 90 km from Côte d'Azur Airport.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
It has a shared kitchen equipped with a stove, fridge, electric kettle and toaster.
Lux Daluma Apartments is located 100 metres from the famous Znjan beach.
The accommodation offers a TV, air conditioning and a terrace.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a DVD player.
Some also feature a comfortable seating area.
The property offers free parking.
Bathrooms feature a shower or a bathtub.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground and on-site shops.
Some rooms include views of the garden or city.
A sweet and savoury continental buffet breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room of Cristina Hotel.
Guests in need can take advantage of free parking service.
Most units also include a kitchen or kitchenette with toaster and coffee maker.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, a balcony and cable channels.
A TV is featured.
Latina is 26 km from the property.
Guests can work at the large desk and browse the internet with free Wi-Fi.
Villa Napsugár’s apartments have a kitchenette, cable TV and living area.
The seaside is an 8-minute drive away.
Guests can enjoy a home cooked meal at the dining table in the dining area.
Each one has a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletries.
Dvorets Sporta is a 10-minute walk away.
Bicycle rental is also available in many places near the hotel.
Other facilities at Royal Kahana Condo include a fitness centre.
A launderette is also available.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
It features a communal garden and free WiFi.
The accommodation provides a TV, a terrace and a hot tub.
While there are no restaurants in the property, there are many restaurants in less than 1 km radius of the property.
Erlebnis Post - Stadthotel mit EigenART's guests can enjoy culinary pleasures in the restaurant Zellot am Torbogen.
There is a bus stop located just a short walk from the farm, while Tirana Airport is 240 km away.
Other facilities at Belarus Sochi Park & Beach apartments include a spa centre.
The lobby is open 24 hours.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling, fishing and hiking.
At Şenlik Pansiyon you will find a 24-hour front desk. Safety deposit box is also provided in reception.
Each bungalow is equipped with a full kitchen with a microwave and oven.
All rooms at the hostel are air-conditioned and are fitted with bunk beds.
All studios have a terrace or balcony overlooking the sea or Velebit Mountain.
Each private bungalow at Natura Cabana is furnished with a patio and living area.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Transfers from and to the airports are available for an additional charge.
They come with a kitchen and a bathroom.
You can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
This apartment comes with a washing machine, flat-screen TV, computer, and sofa.
The Goldeck Ski Area is 13 km away.
Free WiFi is provided .
Each includes a bathroom with shower while some have a patio or balcony.
A dining area is also provided.
Hotel Horda is situated 1.5 km from the Słubice Railway Station.
The Paro International Airport is 65 km.
Guests can also enjoy karaoke, or shop at the mini-market on site.
Each one features a private bathroom, an LCD TV and a small refrigerator.
At Sunset Beach Apart you will find barbecue facilities.
The apartments offer a kitchen with a dining area, a TV, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Private hot tubs and saunas are available for an additional fee.
Providing a living room with sofas and a fireplace, the accommodation also offers a terrace.
Lara Beach is just a 15-minute walk away.
It lies in the centre of the spa town of Nieheim, in the Teutoburg countryside.
A bar is available and wine tastings are organised in the hotel’s cellar.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Chargeable parking is available on-site, and luggage can be stored at the front office.
Karlstad’s largest shopping centre, Mitt i City, is less than a 5-minute walk from Freden Hotell.
Free WiFi is provided .
Each guest has use of an electrical outlet and a privacy curtain for sleeping.
Lake Como is 4 km away.
Guests can prepare meals in the kitchen, which includes an oven and ceramic hob.
The holiday farm comes with a sauna, free WiFi and complimentary bed linen.
A free hot buffet breakfast is served each morning.
A continental breakfast is included in all room rates.
Perugia San Francesco d'Assisi Airport is 55 km away.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Apartment Nina.
Fort William is 30 miles away.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner are available upon request.
For leisure, karaoke facilities are available.
The famous Hikkaduwa Beach is within 6 km away.
They offer views of the abbey or the pedestrianized area.
Private bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
A Scandinavian breakfast which includes northern specialities is also available.
Accommodation comes with a patio or balcony looking onto the garden.
The kitchen comes with an oven and there is a private bathroom.
Guests can also enjoy seasonal, local cuisine in a meal prepared by the hosts, upon request.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels, as well as a laptop are available.
An American breakfast is served daily.
Modern furnishings and kitchen facilities are featured in all apartments at Solund Leileghetshotell.
Marbella and the Costa del Sol are less than 100 km away.
The apartment has a bright living room.
XS Aparthotel is a self-catering accommodation, located in Tbilisi.
Located 3 minutes’ walk from Caspian Plaza Business Centre in Baku, this hotel features free Wi-Fi.
Leisure options include a children’s playground, billiards and table tennis.
Parking is free on site.
The apartment is 4 km from Tbilisi Opera and Ballet Theatre.
Japanese food is served at King Market Teppanyaki.
A TV and DVD player are featured.
Free private parking is available on site.
InterContinental De La Ville Rome is right in the heart of Rome.
You will find a 24-hour front desk and gift shop at the property.
Ecological Sanctuary is 2 km from the property while Madeiro Beach is 2,5 km.
El Olivo serves a daily continental breakfast.
Guests can sing at the karaoke, or laze in the hot tub.
The Klopeinersee Golf Course is a 5-minute drive away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk.
They all include a private pool and an outdoor dining area.
They include a kitchenette equipped with an electric kettle, mini fridge and coffee maker.
The nearest airport is Abruzzo Airport, 5 km from the property.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
At World Street Hostel you will find a shared kitchen, a shared lounge and luggage storage.
A variety of taverns and bars lies within walking distance.
It provides rooms and studio apartments, free Wi-Fi internet access and a garden.
The villa is 4 minutes’ drive from the Cahuita Terminal.
The nearest airport is London City Airport, 12 km from Luxury modern studio Covent Garden.
The kitchenette includes a fridge, oven and washing machine.
Rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with a private balcony, cable TV, minibar.
The apartment is a 3-minute walk from Place Pigalle.
All rooms include a private bathroom.
The nearest airport is John Paul II Airport, 83 km from the property.
Offering a buffet restaurant, Starway Hotel Rugao Haiyang South Road is located in Rugao.
The property is housed in an old mill from late 19th century and was adapted to be inhabited.
Vending machines are also available on site.
The apartment is uniquely decorated with blue and purple, with white furniture.
This tropical beach guesthouse is just 150 metres from Amor Beach, and offers fun outdoor activities and regional outings.
It is a 15-minute walk to the vibrant nightlife of Surfers Paradise.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bathtub.
Asia Guesthouse is located just 300 metres from the shore of Kata Beach.
A children’s playground is also available.
Free rental bike is also available on site.
Public parking is available within walking distance, free of charge.
You will find a coffee machine in the room. Every room is fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath and bidet.
Blue Danube Linz Airport is 11 km from the property.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave and a toaster.
The Jacuzzi, the solarium and massages are available at additional costs.
The hotel is 94 km from Antalya city centre and 105 km from Antalya Airport.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
It provides a superior location, from which you can have 10 minutes' walk journey from Nanjing Railway Station.
With free parking, Villa Al Mare is 4 km from the centre of Avola.
With an unbeatable oceanfront location, Hotel Santorini is just 40 metres from scenic Itaparica Beach.
Wattay International Airport can be reach within 4 km of the property.
The nearest airport is Jyväskylä Airport, 65 km from Villa Hiidenmäki.
Free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
Transfer from the airport can be arranged on request and at extra charge.
Ayr, Troon and Prestwick Airport are all around 1 hour’s drive north of Ballantrae.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen TV.
Air conditioning is available in the entire property.
In the living room you will find 2 single sofa beds and a radio.
They are fitted with a flat-screen TV and refrigerator.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
A wide numbers of bars, shops and restaurant are available within a walking distance.
Guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen at their disposal.
All rooms are air conditioned and feature a TV and a minibar.
It features elegant, air-conditioned rooms with free internet and balcony.
Traditional local cuisine and other Greek flavours can also be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant for lunch or dinner.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
It features a buffet breakfast, free Wi-Fi and free parking.
The living room comes with a fireplace, fan and flat-screen TV.
All rooms have a private bathroom.
The nearest airport is Santiago International Airport, 16 km from the property.
La Barca’s café-bar serves snacks and drinks throughout the day.
Its living area comes with sofas and a TV.
The beaches of Fontane Bianche and Arenella are both 5 minutes away by car.
The property offers free parking.
Guest House Na Klyuchevoy features free WiFi throughout the property.
Fitted with wooden flooring, rooms and chalets include a fan, clothes rack and air conditioning.
Jindalai Hotel is set in Yanji.
You can find banks, restaurants and supermarkets within a 5-minute drive.
Minsk National Airport is 38 km from the property.
Atlantis Hotel & Casino is located in capital city Paramaribo, within the financial and commercial district.
The nearest airport is Côte d'Azur Airport, 22 km from the property.
Free WiFi access is available.
Each room includes a TV, small seating area, and private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Free private parking is available on site.
Copenhagen Kastrup Airport is 46 km from the property.
All types of restaurants and bars can be found within a walking distance.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling.
In the hotels snack bar you can sip a refreshing beverage, have a quick bite or sample some tasty meals.
Palazzo Vecchio is 1.1 km from Niccolini, while Convent of San Marco is 1.1 km away.
A Japanese set menu is served for breakfast.
Les Délices de Lavoûte offers accommodation in Lavoûte-sur-Loire.
You can enjoy the pool views from within.
The surrounding countryside is great for hiking and cycling.
The hotel is 3 km from Durazno Zoo.
Ski passes are available to purchase at Big White Chateau.
The rooms have a private bathroom.
There is a balcony and an air-conditioned dining room.
The centre of Funchal has various local restaurants available, along with bars and cafés.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Hong Kong International Airport is 24 km from the property.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
The thermal baths in Chianciano Terme are 30 km away.
Some of them feature air conditioning.
Towels, linen and free toiletries are provided, as well.
Rooms include a private bathroom equipped with a bidet.
The air-conditioned guestrooms have cable TV.
The main street of Atamu Tekena is just 100 metres away.
Featuring a seasonal outdoor pool, each room provides free Wi-Fi.
Facilities include cable TV, a refrigerator and a private bathroom with shower.
For a more intimate dining experience, Trentina Restaurant offers authentic Italian ingredients from well-known chefs.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including skiing and snorkeling.
The en suite bathroom fits a shower or bathtub.
Excursions to discover the area can be organised, with an extra cost.
After a busy day, take a dip in the pool, relax in the sauna, or enjoy a workout in the modern fitness room.
This camping is 37 km from Reus Airport.
Airport shuttle is available at a surcharge.
Hyberabad International Airport is 31 km from the hotel.
Restaurants and a grocery store are within 500 metres of the Hostel Boudnik.
It is a 20-minute drive from the iconic Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbor Bridge.
Guests can make use of free Wi-Fi in the hotel rooms and in public areas of the building.
Guests can enjoy a variety of cuisines at one of the fine-dining restaurants.
The property has a garden and free private parking.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
Dormitory rooms have personal lockers and a shared bathroom.
It includes bar with fire place and biljard, terrace and a restaurant.
The property boasts views of the garden and is 700 metres from Duomo Milan.
Vigo Airport is 56 km away.
They have heating and private bathrooms with amenities and showers.
At Chalés Felicidade guests will find a garden and a terrace.
The open-plan kitchen includes a stove, an oven and a refrigerator.
Totally surrounded by nature, Camaratuba Hotel Fazenda is a Farm Stay located in Mamamguape.
Free WiFi is featured.
It is facilitated with a hot tub and a sauna.
Edmonton International Airport is 45 minutes’ drive away.
Guests benefit from balcony and a terrace. Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Massage and other treatments can be arranged.
Małdyty is 46 km from Ariadna, while Ostróda is 27 km away.
Wrocław Główny Railway Station is 1.8 km away.
The Scala dei Turchi is a 30-minute drive away.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
Free private parking is available on site.
The property’s restaurant specialises in classic Italian cuisine and local wines.
Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi and parking is offered.
Some rooms have an ocean view or a pool view.
Federico García Lorca Airport is 68 km away.
The beach is 100m located from the property.
WiFi access is available free of charge in the entire hotel. There is also an internet corner.
Guests at Aquamarina Apartments CapCana can find a variety of restaurants 2 minutes’ walk away.
The peaceful Kandy Lake is 5 km away while Bandaranaike International Airport is 82 km away.
La Carol'isle offers free WiFi and a fitness room.
There is room service at the property.
The bathroom includes a washing machine, hairdryer and free toiletries.
Offering a garden and a terrace, Hotel Maremonti is located in Vico del Gargano.
Hostel Simplemente Mendoza is 1 km from the Bus Terminal and 1.5 km from O ́Higgins Park.
The marina is less than 2 km from the property.
The Restaurant Routier serves a simple set menu for lunch and dinner during the week.
As for meals, there are a lot of local restaurants nearby.
All bedrooms have a private bathroom and a rustic-style décor.
The accommodation comes with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Roberts Creek Provincial Park is 5 minutes’ drive from Victorian Bed and Breakfast.
Fitted with wooden flooring, classic rooms feature a seating area.
The free daily breakfast is included on the rate.
A casino and the Bad Gastein Train Station are within a range of 10 walking minutes from the property.
Crossgates Mall is 12 minutes' drive.
The nearest airport is Suvarnabhumi Airport, 19 km from The Tropical Residence.
Free beverages, including juices, coffee and tea, are offered the whole day.
Additionaly, the owner can arrange guided tours in Rio for an additional fee.
Guests enjoy free use of a shared lounge and kitchen.
Bed linens are provided.
Some have sea views.
Guests of The Alpenhof can enjoy a relaxing all organic massage or body treatment.
Free WiFi access is available in most rooms.
A delicious all-you-can-eat breakfast is served daily, featuring traditional cooked items.
This apartment offers a washing machine, sofa and fireplace.
The guest house also offers car hire.
The nearest beach is 100 metres away.
At Cabañas Cambalache you will find a garden and BBQ facilities.
Fenals Beach is 1.6 km from Rovira de Dalt Apartment, while Santa Clotilde Gardens is 2.1 km from the property.
Shenkin Street is 300 metres from Hotel 75, while Independence Hall Museum is 500 metres away.
Free private parking is available on site.
You can park your car for free on site.
Bali Denpasar International Airport is 6 km from the property.
A breakfast buffet is served in the dining area.
At Hotel Joabi there is a 24-hour front desk and a bar. The property offers free parking.
A dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen.
The bathroom has shower in it.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing drink on the terrace.
Breakfast is served every morning.
*It is 10 minutes’ walk from The Pioneer River and 12 minutes’ drive from Mackay Airport.
Some have views over the lake.
The living room features a TV, sofas and a kitchen area with a dishwasher and washing machine.
Moscow City Golf Club is 12 km away.
The villa offers a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen TV.
The lively Nevsky Prospekt is a 15-minute walk away, and the Hermitage Museum itself is 3 km from the hotel.
The quadruple room features a flat-screen TV.
The Hotel Morgane is situated 100 metres from Trestraou Beach.
It offers guests 1GB of free WiFi per room, a self-catering kitchen and BBQ facilities.
A 5-minute walk takes guests to restaurants and the nightlife area in Bailan Village.
Guests can cook and enjoy a gourmet meal in the full kitchen.
The owners can provide advice on things to do in the region.
You can enjoy a garden view from the room.
A continental breakfast is served from 08:30 to 10:00 and includes freshly made pastries.
At Hotel Boutique Tremo guests will renovated facilities including a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace.
You can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms.
Iskenderun city centre is within 40 km.
Enjoy a cup of coffee or relax in front of the flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
A variety of activities, including golf and hiking are offered in the surrounding area.
Located in Monte Nai, this holiday home is set 39 km from Cagliari.
Airport shuttle services to Antalya Airport, 135 km away, are provided at a surcharge.
Guests at the property can take advantage of sun loungers by the pool and barbecue facilities.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
For meals, there are a lot of eateries located within walking distance.
Extras include ironing facilities.
Fridhemsplan Metro Station is 150 metres away.
Wi-Fi and parking are free.
Puducherry Railway Station and Puducherry Beach are within 500 metres of the property.
It offers a spa area in Swarovski style and free WiFi.
This holiday home is 15 km from Thiviers and 65 km from Bergerac.
Each individually decorated room is equipped with free Wi-Fi.
Free public parking is possible on site.
The Ballybunion Golf Club Old Course is just 100 metres away.
The private bathroom includes complimentary toiletries.
Simferopol Airport is 70 km away.
Ample lounging space is available.
The stylish hotel offers boutique-style accommodation and houses 4 dining options.
The resort’s bar provides a nice setting for a drink with friends or other guests.
Decorated with parquet floors, rooms at Gregorio I Hotel Boutique are fiitted with air conditioning and heating.
The accommodation will provide you with a seating area. There is also a dining table.
Rooms at Rama Hotel feature wooden flooring.
You can drive to central San Sebastián in 15 minutes from Green Nest Hostel Uba Aterpetxea.
A Japanese/Western breakfast buffet is served.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven, microwave and toaster.
The city centre can be easily reached by public transport within a 10-minute underground ride.
Select rooms offer river views and a spa bath.
Private bathrooms also come with towels.
Marina di Campo Airport is 47 km from the property.
Phil Hardberge Park is within 4.7 km of the hotel.
It is 4km to Koregaon Park and Kalyani Nagar.
Day starts with a breakfast at Asa Club Holiday Resort.
The nearest airport is Mar Del Plata Airport, 8 km from the property.
Restaurants are 300 metres away and within 1 km, guests can reach a supermarket.
Counter Culture restaurant offers a breakfast and brunch menu served daily.
Both Varkaus Theatre and fishing in the Pirtinvirta River are within 1.5 km of the hotel.
The unit is 29 km from Málaga.
St. Lawrence Market is 20 minutes' walk away.
Guests can also dine outside on the Slunce's terrace.
Guests will also appreciate the weekday evening reception, which offers local wines.
Guests can visit the beaches of Estepona, 50 km away.
The National Zoo is 8 km from the Silver Spring Sheraton.
It is 250 metres from Kodai-ji Temple and 1 km from the Kiyomizu-dera Temple.
There is an iPod docking station, a washing machine and clothes dryer at the chalet.
Free WiFi access is available.
Red River Zoo is 5 minutes' drive from this hotel.
It offers rooms with free Wi-Fi and Sky Channels.
Vichy Train Station is 1.2 km away.
The private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
An electric kettle and fridge are provided.
Daily maid service is included.
The nearest airport is Chania International Airport, 6 km from Myrtia Beach House.
It features free WiFi, air conditioning, a TV and a fully equipped kitchen.
Hotel Chateau Kvareli is located in the centre of Kvareli town, a 15-minute walk from Ilia Lake.
The Rotorua Regional Airport is about an hour's drive from the hotel.
Certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
The guest house provides free private parking.
Yemelyanovo International Airport is 32 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Free WiFi access is available.
Hévíz is 33 km from Joli Guesthouse, while Siófok is 37 km from the property.
Airport shuttle service are available.
It offers spacious accommodation with a garden and terrace.
The nearest sauna is a 4-minute drive away.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the entire property and free off-site parking is offered.
The Best Western Hotel Braunschweig offers rooms featuring cable TV.
Max Bistro serves local specialties, Indonesian cuisine and Oriental dishes.
The property is 15 km from Jonzac, and a 45-minute drive from central Bordeaux and Cognac.
BBQ facilities are provided.
Extras include cable channels.
Other facilities offered include a tour desk, dry cleaning and a laundry.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
All apartments feature a balcony, a seating area and a TV.
There is a restaurant nearby and on-site parking is available free of charge.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
The Drillers Baseball Field is within a 10-minute drive.
The hotel is situated by the Gdańsk-Bydgoszcz-Inowrocław-Konin road.
Hotel Sofyan Betawi is in central Jakarta, within walking distance to Cut Mutiah Mosque.
This self-catering accommodation features WiFi in public areas.
The private bathroom is fitted with a bath.
Rooms at this quiet motel have free Wi-Fi and cable TV.
Decorated in warm tones, all rooms are bright and comfortably furnished.
Extras include bed linen.
Each kitchen features a freezer, refrigerator, coffee machine, microwave and oven.
The bathrooms have a hydromassage bath and a shower.
You can walk to Linyi Railway Station in 3 minutes.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Situated in Sukhum, this air-conditioned holiday home features a patio and a garden.
Rooms here will provide you with air conditioning, a terrace and a seating area.
All rooms have access to shared bathroom facilities, a fridge and BBQ area.
Shops and restaurants are located within 600 m from the residence.
Split is only 6 km away.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave and fridge. A stovetop and kettle are also featured.
All apartments are bright and spacious and offer free access to Wi-Fi.
The in-house restaurant serves a variety of multi-cuisine dishes.
The house fits a living room equipped with a sofa, TV and en suite bathroom.
The property offers free parking.
Free Wi-Fi is available in common areas.
A fitness centre and business centre are available for guest use.
Guests can purchase light snacks and beverage at a convenience store just a minute’s walk from the hotel.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Its location allows easy access to the city centre.
A bread delivery service is available upon request and against a surcharge.
Room service is available.
Larnaca International Airport is at a distance of 23 km.
City Apartments are situated 1 km from the Koszalin Train Station.
The property is 12 miles from the Dan-Yr-Ogof Caves and 10 miles from the Wales Ape and Monkey Sanctuary.
The property is centrally located within a few steps from lively restaurants and bars.
Avesta Park features free WiFi .
It is an ideal starting point for excursions in the Leventina and Blenio valleys.
Built in 2013, Riviera Gostevoy Dvor is located on the Ashe River in Krasnodar Krai.
There is also a large terrace with a panoramic view.
Free wired internet is available in the rooms.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
The property offers free parking.
Black Cat Hostel is 7 km from the Botanical Garden and 14.5 km from the National University.
The suites also feature a 32-inch (81 cm) flat-screen LCD TV with a DVD player.
Mandala International Youth Hostel is a 10-minute walk from Yang Erchenamu Museum.
A supermarket and restaurant are found nearby.
It includes a library area and a small Japanese stone garden.
Each room also provides a private balcony, where you can enjoy the sunset.
The property is 200 metres from the Château Fort de Lourdes.
A shared kitchen and lounge area are available.
The property offers free parking.
There is also a terrace.
Colon Metro Station is 800 metres from the property.
A private bathroom and a hairdryer are also included.
Meeting rooms, business centre and currency exchange services are also available.
Rooms include a shared bathroom.
The hotel has a large swimming pool with sun terrace, a pool-side restaurant and a snack bar.
Bad Worishöfen Train Station is a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
Buses to the beaches at Salobreña and to Granada stop in nearby Órgiva.
Hotel Quinta del Sol has an on-site snack bar.
Breakfast is provided and common kitchen facilities are featured.
It boasts an outdoor pool, snack bar, fitness room and free Wi-Fi access.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
At Vila Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden. The property offers free parking.
The kitchenette comes with an oven, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
You can enjoy sea views.
Free WiFi access is available.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Yuzhniy is 48 km from Guesthouse Irina, while Divnomorskoye is 45 km away.
All rooms come with clean bedding.
The on-site dining options include Eatery Signature Restaurant, China Spice Chinese Restaurant and the lobby lounge.
The property offers free parking.
It offers conference facilities and a restaurant.
A continental breakfast is served every morning at Chambres d’Hôtes La Maison Bleue.
Some units feature a living room with fireplace or views of the Aegean Sea or Mykonos Town.
The rooms of Fatih Apartments come with a private kitchen or kitchenette.
Free private parking is possible on site.
An Indonesian restaurant is available within a 5-minute walk from the property and breakfast is served in the room.
Private dining is possible with room service.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
The bright rooms offer light-coloured interiors and classic-style decor.
Apartmani Zelengora also includes a barbecue.
Free private parking is available on site.
Sweet pastries and hot drinks feature in the Italian-style buffet breakfast served daily.
The unit is fitted with a kitchenette. A TV is offered.
This property offers private and dormitory rooms.
Guests can reach the Battleship New Jersey with approximately 15 minute’s drive.
Each suite at Doña Urraca Hotel & Spa features a minibar.
Featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with towels.
Each room includes a private bathroom.
Mosegården Faaborg V is located in Fåborg and offers accommodation for 8 people.
Résidence Baillenia is located in a residential area of Saint-Jean-de-Luz just 1 km away from the sea.
Located in the village of Treschietto, it comes with a shared lounge and free parking.
Bungalows offer garden views and are equipped with a mosquito net and seating area.
Rooms are also heated and have a safe.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Each apartment will provide you with flat-screen satellite TV with a DVD player.
Featuring air conditioning, Apartments Katalyn offers accommodation in Privlaka.
Vologda Airport is 10.3 km from the hotel.
Baoan International Airport is 68 km away.
With air conditioning, rooms are decorated with parquet floors and come with a flat-screen TV.
Seasonal ingredients are used in a wide range of local dishes and Mediterranean delights.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
A private bathroom features a shower with available towels in each non-smoking room.
Brussels can be reached in 34 minutes by car.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Accommodation will provide you with a terrace and a seating area.
Bali Denpasar International Airport is 9 km away.
Delano is 43 km from Whispering Meadows Apartments.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The 2-bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a TV, air conditioning and a computer.
Set on the slopes of a hill, Hotel Lake View offers suites that overlook the valley.
In the lounge area satellite TV, DVD/CD player, dining table and chairs are also available.
Sopot is 27 km from Apartament przy Fontannie, while Gdynia is 22 km away.
The rooms include a shared bathroom.
There is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven.
All units are air conditioned and include a TV.
A hot tub is available.
All 4you Centrum apartments are bright and decorated with pastel colours.
The coast is approximately 3 km away and from here you can catch a ferry to the Aran Islands.
Certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
Guests can enjoy live performances with the drinks at the pub.
Palanga International Airport is 5 km away.
Vending machines are also offered at Inn Cherokee.
Free WiFi and free private parking are provided.
It offers free Wi-Fi, free parking, just a 1-minute walk from Avon Beach.
It has its own chapel and a sun terrace around the pool.
Yumbo Centrum Shopping Centre is 100 metres away.
There is an outdoor swimming pool on site.
The nearest airport is Malaga Airport, 60 km from the property.
You can walk to Playa Blanca beach in 20 minutes, where you will find a selection of restaurants.
Liberty Villa Hostel is located in Brasov’s Old Town, 1 km from the Black Church.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
Rowing boats, paddle boards and snorkeling equipments are available.
There is also a cosy dining area, and full laundry facilities are provided.
The bathroom includes a shower.
Hongqiao International Airport is a 45-minute car journey away.
It offers Öresund Strait views and a communal kitchen.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
Car and bike rental service is also available for guests who wish to explore the area.
Broken Spur Steakhouse serves a daily breakfast to guests until 10:00.
You will be welcomed with tea or coffee on arrival at Cashel Lake View.
Typical Sicilian dishes are served at the restaurant.
Located just one block from Colchagua Museum, Hotel Gomero offers accommodations in Santa Cruz.
Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport is a 52-minute drive away.
The lively Laganas is around 3 km away.
Every room has a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Located 4.1 km from Aquabrava Water Park, Roses Mar offers apartments right on the coast in Roses.
It is on Cefalù’s promenade and most rooms overlook the sea.
Halifax Stanfield International Airport is 4 km away.
Bathrobe and slippers are provided.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided and the Champs-Élysées are within walking distance.
Extras include a desk and bed linen.
It features numerous bars with a selection of cocktails.
Toulouse-Blagnac Airport is 89 km away.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
All the en suite bathrooms are equipped with complimentary toiletries.
Balneário de Camboriú Bus Station is 3.5 km away.
Guests can enjoy a communal kitchen too.
Dogs are welcome to stay in the rooms.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Private bathrooms come either with a shower or a bathtub.
Some units include a seating area for your convenience.
A TV is offered.
SW11 ROOMS features free WiFi .
The hotel also offers car hire.
The hosts are always around to provide you with information about the island.
The closest train station is Frisvadvej Station, only 400 metres away.
The Mocanita-Vaserului Valley is within 12 km.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Silvio Pettirossi Airport is 7 km away.
The hotel restaurant has been awarded 14 Gault Millau points.
The thermal spa of Terme San Filippo is 10 minutes away by car.
Bodhi Villa is a 20-minute drive from Ubud Town and a 35-minute drive from the famous Monkey Forest.
Milan Malpensa Airport is 35 km away.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Gasthaus Pillhofer has a rustic restaurant with stained glass windows and exposed wooden beams.
Seattle-Tacoma International Airport is 26.8 km away.
Gourmet meals can be delivered to your room.
Fishing and snorkelling activities can be enjoyed on the nearby pebbly beach.
It has an outdoor splash pool and offers air-conditioned guestrooms with balconies and views of palm trees.
It offers free Wi-Fi, free parking and air-conditioned rooms.
Freshly baked bread rolls are available on request.
Relax and unwind at Larissa Spa Centre featuring an indoor pool, a steam room and a sauna.
All rooms include a kitchen area, coffee machine, private pool and bathroom.
Some rooms also include a fireplace and views of the surrounding mountains and fields.
Air-conditioned dormitories and private rooms are available at Just Inn.
You can enjoy breakfast while reading the newspapers provided in the dining room at Les Logis d'Orléans Chambres d'Hôtes.
The hotel offers a sauna and a sun terrace.
It features an indoor and outdoor pool, and a spa centre with sauna.
Entertainment is provided on most week nights.
The breakfast buffet is served until 11:00 on weekends.
The nearest airport is Kazan International Airport, 15 km from the property.
Parking on-site is free.
With the bedroom on a mezzanine, this apartment has a fan and a radio.
The apartment is classically furnished and features a combined living and sleeping area.
Several restaurants and bars can be found within the immediate surroundings.
Other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood-burning stove.
Supermarkets are 1 km away, in Äkäslompolo.
Other facilities like laundry facilities are offered.
You can play billiards at the motel.
Myros Apartments is located 800 metres from the centre of Tigaki, where guests will find a variety of taverns, bars and shops.
Morsum Train Station is just a 2-minute walk away from the hotel.
Towels are featured.
Głogów is 39 km from Pokoje Wilga.
There is a full kitchen with a stovetop, an oven and a refrigerator.
All have a living room with satellite TV and 2 sofa beds.
Shorenas Guesthouse offers accommodation in Borjomi, 16 km from Bakuriani.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
En suite bathrooms have hot shower facilities.
A washing machine, dishwasher and flat-screen TV are also provided.
The resort offers an outdoor pool and free internet access.
At Villa Marienholm you will find a garden and free parking.
Guests of the Alain Llorca can enjoy visits to the village of Saint Paul de Vence and the beaches west of Nice.
Guests have free access to the sun loungers and umbrellas in the pool area.
Zadar Ferry Port and the numerous bars and restaurants are only steps away.
Other facilities at Little Secret Suite include an igloo sauna and barbecue.
You can drive to the beaches of the Costa del Sol in 30 minutes.
Szeged Train Station is located 2 km from the Central Apartman.
It provides spacious accommodation with free internet access.
Rome Ciampino Airport is 17 km away.
WiFi is available at a surcharge.
Views of the Valais Alps can be enjoyed from the balcony.
Oliwski Park is 2.5 km from Lidio, while University of Gdańsk is 2.5 km away.
Free parking is available on site.
Walvis Bay Airport is 14 km away.
Valkenburg is 20 minutes’ from the hotel by car.
Bed linen is available.
Horse riding stables can be found 3 km away.
A washing machine adds to the comforts.
Located in Conchas do Mar area, 150 metres from Concha Beach, this pousada offers accommodation with balcony.
The hotel is also conveniently located in the commercial area where many business locations and offices are near-by.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Staff can arrange for skiing, golfing and cycling activities.
Other entertainment places are within 10 km. from the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout the apartment.
Each bedroom features a walk-in closet and a private bathroom.
The apartment has two bedrooms and offers housing for 6 people.
The centre of Chersonissos, where guests will find taverns and bars, lies within 1 km from Oasis Beach Hotel.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The open-air Treehouse Restaurant offers forest and river views, and serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Troyan is set 24 km away from the property.
The private bathroom comes with a bath tub.
The hotel’s restaurant, Deer’s Leap, offers a superb choice of modern and traditional dishes.
Also located in the area is a shopping area (900 m away) restaurants (2.5 km away) and a swimming area (900 m away)
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Some rooms are coming with shared bathroom facilities, while others also feature a terrace overlooking the garden.
The property offers free parking.
The stylish bathroom includes a bathtub, shower and hairdryer.
Klong Toab Beach is 1.5 km away.
The nearest airport is Syros Airport, 5 km from the property.
At Aloft Panama you will find a 24-hour front desk, a terrace and a bar.
Hongqiao Airport is 20 km away, while Pudong Airport is 40 km away.
Free parking is available on site.
Each room here will provide you with a satellite TV, air conditioning and a safe.
All apartments feature a kitchen and included free wireless internet access.
Guests can also dine on the terrace, which offers views of the souks.
Guests can visit Iguaçu Waterfalls, 12 km away.
The hotel has a convenient location close to the airports of Nice and Cannes.
A selection of hot and cold drinks is available in the lounge bar.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and hiking.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Harpa Concert Hall & Conference Centre is 2.2 km away.
There is also a kitchen in some of the units, equipped with a dishwasher.
All units are fully furnished and equipped with a TV.
The town of Nydri is at 1 km and offers many taverns, bars and restaurants.
Live music is also offered upon request.
Cala en Porter is just 10 minutes' drive away.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
This resort is 30 km from Naha Airport.
Breakfast is served in the elegantly furnished dining area which features a wall-mounted flat-screen TV.
Penedo Bus Terminal is 16 km from Campanário.
Hôtel Saint Laurent is located in the centre of Nogent-sur-Seine, opposite the Saint Laurent Church.
Free Wi-Fi is provided and the host can help organise tours, excursions and transfers.
Free WiFi is available in the lobby.
Wi-Fi access is free throughout.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is offered.
Some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Some units feature a dining area and/or balcony.
Free private parking is available on site.
They can also relax on the stone-built large terrace with sun-loungers and day beds by the pool.
The Z Bar Motel is 1.4 miles from Interstate 25.
Breakfast is served daily in the dining area and the reception is open 24-hours a day.
Girona-Costa Brava Airport is 24 km from the property.
Opéra Bastille is 700 metres from the hotel and the Île Saint-Louis is 1.3 km away.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Aparthotel Golf Coast also includes a terrace.
A selection of soft drinks and beverages is available for purchase from on-site vending machines at Houston Guest Inn.
Dolce La Hulpe combines a quiet forest setting with luxurious spa facilities.
Located in Les Houches, Chalet Les Soldanelles offers self-catering accommodation.
Tasmaria features a pool bar serving drinks, snacks and cocktails.
Qingdao Railway Station is a 46-minute drive away.
Apartment guests also enjoy a fully equipped kitchenette.
Casa Corazón de Melón features an outdoor pool and views of the pool.
Suvarnabhumi International Airport is a 25-minute drive away.
A bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries is standard in every room.
Free private parking is available on site.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
Also guests can order breakfast in room, and barbecue facilities are available on site.
Private parking is free.
Daily breakfast and complimentary coffee are available.
Shuttle services can be arranged for guests upon request and at a surcharge.
The garden with palm trees includes a swimming pool.
You can relax in the garden, or enjoy a relaxing drink at the bar.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in all rooms at Örestrand.
All the furniture at the property is wooden and eco-friendly.
Guests can find a local restaurant located across from the hostel.
The hotel is 15 minutes walk from Syntagma.
Rustaveli Theatre is 5 km from Nova - Lux Apartments.
Centre of Zakopane is located 5 km away from Willa Krzesanica.
It features a massage parlour and a spa and wellness centre.
Cagliari Elmas Airport is 6 km from the property.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher.
Select rooms include relaxing spa baths and kitchenettes.
Shali Lodge Siwa is 10 km from Fatnis Island and 5 km from downtown.
Each room here will provide you with a private bathroom including a hairdryer.
This property is about 50 km from Podgorica Airport.
Surfing and scuba diving activities can be arranged.
The 27-hole Mälarö Golf Club is 150 metres away.
The studio provides a terrace and an independent entrance.
The property is 6.8 km from Angkor Wat.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit.
Palio Khao Yai is 3.6 km away.
Free public parking can be found nearby.
The holiday home also offers a washing machine and tumble dryer.
Tripoli is 36 km from Houdis Houses, while Argos is 25 km from the property.
For meals, various dining options can be found within a 10-minute walk of the hotel.
The fitness centre is equipped with treadmills, rowing machines and bikes.
Private parking is complimentary and can be found on site.
Chester, Crewe and Shrewsbury are less than 25 miles away.
The nearest airport is Reus Airport, 8 km from the property.
There is also a kitchenette, equipped with a microwave. A toaster and fridge are also available, as well as a kettle.
The air-conditioned unit is 22 km from Lerici.
A green-tea maker, slippers and a fridge are provided.
It features a restaurant, free WiFi access and a front desk that operates round-the-clock.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
Every room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen TV.
It is 17 km from the city of Ruffec and 8 km from the local lake where you can fish.
The spacious Baran apartments feature modern furnishings and balconies with city views.
The private bathroom comes with either a bath or shower.
It is a 15-minute drive from Central Shopping Mall, and a free shuttle to the mall is provided.
The rooms are colourful and decorated with paintings and wooden furnishings.
Chagny is 14 km away and free private parking is possible.
The Energy Corridor District is 15 minutes' drive away.
Shops, bars and cafés can be found in the streets surrounding the Gothic.
The coastal town of Hastings is 14.5 miles away.
The private bathroom is fitted with a shower.
Bicycle and motorbike rentals are available.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
Air-conditioned rooms include free Wi-Fi and a kitchenette.
Bicycles and segways can be rented.
Some rooms offer a panoramic view of the oasis’ palm trees.
Guests have access to a common kitchen and a social area with free Wi-Fi and TV.
Pula Airport is at a distance of 8 km, and shuttle service is available at a surcharge.
All bathrooms feature select bathroom products.
The nearest airport is Batumi International Airport, 4 km from Madona's House.
Amenities include a flat-screen TV, a refrigerator and yukata robes.
It also comes equipped with a fan, sofa and safe.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
The centre of Golden Sands is set a 15-minute walk away.
The rooms include a TV.
Aqua Mare Luxury Apartments is a self-catering accommodation located in Paralia Katerinis.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the entire building.
Guests enjoy free on-site parking.
La Via del Sole is 2 minutes’ drive from Vezzano Ligure.
Some have a seating area.
Wi-Fi internet is available for free.
Bruges is 40 minutes away from the studios by car.
Free private parking is possible on site.
A sweet pre-packaged breakfast is served in the common living area.
A shuttle to the airport can be arranged by the property.
The nearest beach is 2 km away.
The hotel is located just 5 minutes‘ drive from the motorway.
Hermitage Museum is 12 km from Apartment Grazhdanskiy Prospect 116, while Palace Square is 12 km from the property.
There is also a shop onsite.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The en suite bathroom offers shower facilities.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
Breakfast is offered every morning, while a restaurant is within 2 km.
This hostel is located in Yalta, just a 10-minute walk from the White Dacha Museum.
Santana Row Shopping Center is a 10-minute drive from Holiday Inn Santa Clara.
Offering a restaurant, Ambre d'Hôtes is located in Dakar.
Daily maid service is also provided.
The B&B is around 30 km from Porto San Giorgio on the Adriatic coast.
College of the Atlantic headquarters is just 1.3 km away.
Guests can use a shared bathroom with a shower.
Sirmione is 46 km from Villa Fedreghino, while Brescia is 17 km away.
Rooms are fitted with a safe deposit box, electric kettle and minibar.
The apartments feature free Wi-Fi, separate living room and bedroom areas and a kitchenette.
Olympic Hotel offers accommodation in Nha Trang.
You can practice in the fitness room or sample dishes from the gourmet-style restaurant.
Free parking is available.
Several cafés and supermarkets are also located in the surroundings of the accommodation.
Orlando Premium Outlets is 19 minutes’ drive away.
Bathroom facilities are shared or private.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, dishwasher and washing machine.
Wi-Fi is available throughout the property.
Princesa do Gilão offers a bar on site.
The hotel offers free parking.
The inn has original features and traditional charm.
Free private parking is available on site.
This self-catering accommodation also features free WiFi.
Each has a flat-screen TV and coffee-making facilities.
Their en suite bathrooms are fitted with shower facilities.
All come with a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
The nearest airport is Edinburgh Airport located 10 miles away, and the nearest train station is 2 miles away.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
A rich breakfast buffet is available at the Landhotel Donner in the mornings.
The hotel also has a business centre.
Durmitor Apartments Holiday also includes a barbecue.
A business center is on site.
The nearest restaurant is 500 metres from the Koblar Rooms.
All rooms are equipped with air conditioning and a TV.
Facilities include an outdoor pool.
Suvarnabhumi Airport is located 88 km from the property.
The apartment features a TV with satellite channels and a kitchenette. A dining table is available as well.
The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
Guests can also sample Provençal cuisine in a meal prepared by the hosts, upon request.
Air conditioning, an LCD TV with satellite and cable channels and a minibar are included in every room.
All of the rooms have a balcony overlooking the garden.
Laundry services are offered. Car rental services are available upon request.
Guests who wish to explore the area, can make use of the hotel’s car rental facilities.
Relax on the loungers with a view over the hotel’s Japanese garden.
Each floor is inspired on a different region.
The city of Varna is just a 10-minute bus ride away from the Complex Magnolia.
Extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
The accommodation is equipped with a seating and dining area.
On request, staff can organise horseback riding tours in the park.
The fully-equipped kitchen and dining area allows for self-catering.
Historic Biltmore Estate and Winery is 23 miles away.
The property is 4 km from Dubai Internet City Station and Dubai Marina.
Dining options include a buffet and à la carte restaurant.
There is also a golf course just 250 metres away from the hotel.
You can arrange swimming with dolphins 5 km away.
It offers on-site dining options, as well as billiards, children’s playground and massage treatments.
Bed linen is offered.
It offers a saltwater pool, Turkish bath and sauna for a supplement.
Free private parking is provided.
Awaking every morning with a superb view of the sea is what many people dream of.
Hotel-Gasthof Sternen is a 5-minute drive from the centre of Winterlingen.
Tea and coffee-making facilities are also included.
Ufa International Airport is 28 km away.
The nearest airport is Trieste Airport, 32 km from Villa Dune.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Bed linen and towels are provided, and a washing machine is available.
A free shuttle is available to/from Yudanaka Train Station.
Guests can relax at the outdoor pool or in the on-site spa area.
Bed linen is featured.
They do not feature a TV, but plenty of books instead.
Lake Molveno is 12 km from Perlot Marco Appartamenti.
Hotel Don features free WiFi throughout the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
The fully-equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator, stove and a microwave.
It has 365 feet of private beach.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Free private parking is available at Sarova.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
The game room has an air hockey table and a pool table.
Pattaya Viewpoint is 700 metres from Cosy Beach View Condominium.
Some units also have a balcony.
The bright, stylish restaurant also serves evening meals.
A savoury breakfast can be requested and comes at an extra charge.
JR Hachinohe Train Station is a 15-minute drive away.
It's features include free cable TV and parking.
At Soul Hostel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
A flat-screen TV, as well as an iPod docking station are provided.
Fitness facilities and the solarium invite you to unwind.
Other facilities like a games room and laundry facilities are offered.
The shuttle service is offered.
WiFi access is available in this holiday home. The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a balcony.
The quaint Qibao Ancient Town is located 4.1 km away from the hotel.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
The nearest airport is Ras Al Khaimah International Airport, 42 km from Fairmont Fujairah Beach Resort.
DREAM Hostel Bratislava offers accommodation in Bratislava.
Several bars, restaurants and shops are within 5 minutes’ walk of Hostal Alhambra.
Every room includes a private bathroom.
Decorated with white linens and wood furniture, all rooms include ironing facilities.
The accommodation units come with shared bathroom and toilet facilities, which are located on the corridor.
Iron facilities are available at the reception on request.
Sant’Agata Cathedral is 15 minutes away on foot.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
All rooms are equipped with a TV and king-size bed.
The kitchen is equipped with a stove, microwave and coffee machine.
Each room has a seating area and en suite bathroom with hot shower facilities.
Supermarkets, bars and restaurants can be found just 50 metres away.
Thanks to its location, many restaurants, pubs and shops are within 200 metres from 24W Old Town.
Free WiFi is available.
A spa bath is available in some rooms.
Diners will appreciate the hotel's bistro, where you can try a variety of regional dishes.
It features a garden terrace and free Wi-Fi.
Complete with a fridge, the dining area also has a coffee machine.
Luggage storage is provided.
Hotel Restaurant Krone features a historic façade with traditional flower-boxes.
A free shuttle service, a gift shop and safety deposit boxes are also available on site.
Guests can store their luggage at the reception desk for their convenience.
You can enjoy pool views.
Kodiket Inn offers ironing and laundry services at a surcharge.
Business services and meeting facilities are available for conferences on location.
A TV is offered.
A flat-screen TV is available.
Free private parking is available on site.
A continental breakfast is prepared each morning and the restaurant serves traditional cuisine.
The rooms at Cirali Irmak Hotel come with simple furnishings.
There is a full kitchen with kitchenware, as well as a bathroom with a bath.
Most rooms have private terraces, some with a sea view.
Rooms feature an LCD TV and a balcony with a full or partial view of the lake.
The apartments also boast a dining area.
Rooms here will provide you with air conditioning. Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Golf is available at the villa’s neighborhood course.
Each air-conditioned room is individually decorated.
Astoria is 1 km from the Satu Mare’s train station and 10 km from the airport.
Ławica Airport is 7 km from the property.
Haus Sellin is a 5-minute walk from the beach and Sellin's famous pier.
Various cafes, bars and restaurants can be found within a 10-minute walk of the property.
Private bathrooms have bath or shower.
Barbeque facilities are also available.
Ceasars Creek Lake State Park is 11 miles away.
Porto Lignano is 5 km away.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
The sea and the lively Dioskur Enbankment are within an 8-minute walk of the property.
Within 10 km, you can visit the beach of Psakoudia, while the seaside village of Nikiti is at 8 km.
Guests receive a ticket for free use of all public transport in Lausanne.
The wellness centre features a gym, a sauna and a Turkish bath.
There is also a vending machine, where you can buy snacks and drinks.
A private pick up service from the airport with the hotel's Porsche can be arranged for a fee.
The nearest airport is Simferopol Airport, 32 km from Hotel U Piter.
The property offers free parking.
The reception desk is available 24-hours a day at Morton Americas Best Value Inn. A launderette is also on site.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes and slippers.
Private parking is available on site.
A fitness centre and spa pool is available at the adjacent Grand Hotel delle Terme.
The hotel offers free Wi-Fi in the entire hotel.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Coast Museum Juist (2.7 km).
Packed lunches and grocery deliveries are available.
After exercising in the state-of-the-art fitness centre, you can take a refreshing swim in the outdoor pool.
Some rooms come with their own balcony.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and luggage storage.
Lake Mondsee can be reached within 7 minutes by car.
Each bathroom comes with a bath.
Most of the apartments feature panoramic sea views.
London Heathrow airport can be reached in just over one hour by public transport.
The on site restaurant serves a wide variety of local dishes.
Extras include a desk, bed linen and cleaning products.
Snow-shoe hikes and ski tours in the Oberdrautal outdoor park can be booked on site.
Afternoon tea service is also available upon request.
En suite bathrooms come with bathtubs.
It takes 10 minutes by taxi to Guangzhou East Railway Station.
The en suite bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer.
Moaning Cavern Adventure Park is 9 miles away.
Vleurgat Tram and Bus Stop are within 50 metres from Hotel Brussels.
Alternatively, guests can enjoy views of the harbour at Mutiara Terrace.
The well-known Porto Katsiki Beach is a 30-minute drive away.
The hotel also boasts a bakery and ice-cream parlour.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
A sandy beach can be reached in 800 metres.
The simply furnished apartments of Tzogalis 1 have a kitchenette with dining area.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Castiglioncello and its beaches are a 30-minute drive away.
Chennai International Airport is located 45 km from the property.
Free parking is provided for drivers.
Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service.
Wake up to fragrant coffee in the comfortable, spacious rooms.
Take advantage of Hotel Trasimeno's free and small car park.
Units at the property feature heating and a desk.
The rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
All units open to a balcony with unobstructed sea views.
The property offers free parking.
Certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
This family-run hotel is in La Vichona, just 5 minutes’ drive from the centre of Sanxenxo.
Select rooms feature an en suite bathroom.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
WiFi and bed linen are included.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The 4-star T-Hotel offers elegant accommodation just beside Jinan University.
Free parking is available onsite.
At Shangri-La Jinshi Huangchao Hotel you will find an airport shuttle and a 24-hour front desk.
It features rooms with a sea view.
For instance, Germany’s largest Nordic Walking park is located here very close to the hotel.
Guests will find Alonaki Beach (Odyssea's Bay) and Skala Beach at a distance of 2 km.
One bathroom comes with a shower while the other comes with an additional bathtub.
Bike and car rental can be arranged on site.
The hotel has easy access to public transport.
Macerata is 23 km from the property.
Staff at the 24-hour front desk can provide information about the area.
The property offers free parking.
Each apartment faces the surrounding mountains and shared garden.
All rooms are simply decorated and feature a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Pula Golf 2.4 km from the property.
Wild Wadi Waterpark is 6 km from the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in the hotel’s public areas.
The hostel also offers bike hire.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
There is also a lounge bar that offers a selection of 30 original cocktails.
With an onsite restaurant, guests can enjoy Irish specialities made of locally sourced ingredients.
One apartment offers a private terrace with panoramic sea views.
The property offers free parking.
Front desk is attended 24 hours a day.
Free Wi-Fi is provided throughout the villa.
The town centre with shops and restaurants is within the same distance from Pradella.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
It has a swimming pool with sun beds and umbrellas and a poolside bar.
Guests can tour the nearby Myrtlewood Factory Showroom, Inc.
All rooms at the Fado are classically furnished and come with an en-suite bathroom.
The self-catering apartments and houses also have a seating area and fully equipped kitchen.
They feature heating and private bathrooms.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkelling, fishing and hiking.
Traditional Mexican cuisine is on offer in the Zahra’s restaurant, which overlooks Tulum Beach.
The tour desk can book tours of local museums and wineries.
The nearest airport is Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport, 10 km away.
Parking is free.
Some units include a seating area for your convenience.
Clarion Hotel Hagerstown is 2 miles from Hagerstown Roundhouse Museum.
Multi-course meals with seasonal specialities are served for breakfast and dinner at Nanten-En.
Mostek Train Station is at a distance of 800 metres.
The on-site restaurant offers dishes made with organic products on the shaded terrace.
The historic city centre of Innsbruck can be reached within a few minutes by public transport.
Free mineral water is provided.
Shower facilities can be found in the private bathroom.
Parking is free at the Park Hotel.
There is cable TV and a private bathroom.
The property offers free monitored parking.
With a total of 5 bathrooms, 4 of them are en suite.
It has a garden, elegant rooms and a gourmet restaurant.
It features studios with a balcony overlooking the garden and the mountain.
It offers a day spa, kids’ club and 24-hour concierge services.
The Main Bus Station and Ferry Port are located 1 km away.
Gazipasa-Alanya Airport is 40 km away.
There are shared bathroom facilities that come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
It offers apartments with air conditioning and a TV.
It is a 25-minute drive to the Wilder Kaiser Ski Area.
The nearest restaurant is 1 km away and the nearest supermarket is 3 km away.
Rooms at EuroFriends Hostel include simple décor and a desk. a Shower is provided in the shared bathrooms.
Laundry, dry cleaning and shuttle services are provided at an extra cost.
On-site parking is free.
At Luxury Penthouse Kitzbühel, a hot tub and a terrace are at the guests’ disposal.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, as well as a coffee machine.
Guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast each morning in the breakfast room.
This holiday home is 55 km from Billund Airport.
There is dry cleaning services at the property.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and a microwave.
It offers rooms with private bathrooms and flat-screen TVs.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Breakfast is a varied buffet.
Free private parking is available on site.
It is 4 km from Hua Hin Town.
Wi-Fi is free of charge and available in all rooms.
Table tennis facilities are available.
BBQ facilities and free on-site parking are also provided.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers.
A simple continental breakfast is available every morning.
The Winter Palace and Arena Armeec Hall are 1 km away.
All rooms have air conditioning and a flat-screen TV.
Hospedaje Cozy Galapagos features a garden, a terrace and a patio.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
There is a fully-equipped kitchen and the private bathroom features a shower and a hairdryer.
A number of seaside restaurants is available within walking distance for other meals.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
Verona Airport is 35 km away.
There is a BBQ and children's playground out in the garden.
Knight's Palace is 700 metres from Studio apartman sirena, while Old Port of Foša is 700 metres away.
There are 4 restaurants with special menus for children.
The Jamestown Settlement and the Jamestown Glasshouse are less than 8 miles from the property.
Towels are provided.
The rooms at Erofili Beach are tastefully decorated and well-appointed for your comfort.
Every room is equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Around the hotel there are beautiful gardens and a minigolf course.
Free WiFi is available on site.
Massage and cosmetic treatments are available on site.
Free WiFi access is available.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
All accommodation at Hotel Santa Cruz has air conditioning and a private bathroom.
Each guest room includes free Wi-Fi.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in-room.
Certain rooms have views of the mountains or garden.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
The bright apartment features leather furniture and a kitchen with a Nespresso® coffee machine.
There are also 2 bathrooms.
A dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen. A TV is provided.
The nearest airport is Siem Reap - Angkor International Airport, 5 km from the property.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Palazzo Venezia, 1 km away.
Each room has a private balcony that offers shade, and views over the gardens.
The nearest airport is Gimpo International Airport, 19 km from the property.
Free on-site car parking is available.
The property can assist with car rentals.
Free private parking is possible on site.
The bathroom is equipped with a bath.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
Each room provides a TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
A beauty salon is on site, and massage services are offered for guests.
The property includes free WiFi access in common areas and a Continental breakfast.
A cosy restaurant with terrace and generous, comfortable guest rooms await you here.
3T Apart Hotel are 150 metres away from Kalkan Beach.
Free public parking is available nearby.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge and stovetop. There is a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer in each unit.
They are equipped with satellite TV. Each has a safe box and a minibar.
Pool and garden views are available from the terrace.
La Casa del Rio offers rustic guestrooms with fireplace.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
You will find a garden here. Free WiFi access is also available.
Both a restaurant and a grocery shop can be found within 2 km of the property.
It includes free WiFi in all areas.
There are cycling and hiking tracks in the vicinity.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Free WiFi access is available.
The rustic interior with wooden and stone elements creates a homely and intimate atmosphere.
Guests can relax with a book or magazine in the library or play billiards.
Zurich Airport is 50 km away.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
Mahoni Restaurant serves a selection of Indonesian dishes.
Weather permitting; meals can be enjoyed on the property’s terrace.
All rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom equipped with a bath.
The Wimbledon Tennis Championships are only a 15-minute walk away.
A work desk and a wardrobe feature in all rooms at Hostel Kemijärvi.
Towels are included.
Enjoy a cup of coffee or tea from your balcony or patio.
Bhally Hotel also has its own restaurant and bar.
You can prepare meals using the villa’s kitchen, which is fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven.
Each has a small fridge, cable TV and a balcony.
Rhyl Water Park is an 11-minute drive from Prestatyn, and the Great Orme Mines are a 45-minute drive away.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment Lenina 157 - 83.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free WiFi is available throughout.
Poor Phil ́s Restaurant, located on the first floor of the Carleton, is serves breakfast, lunch and dinner daily.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
Views of the sea, pool or garden are featured in certain rooms.
Extras include a seating area, satellite channels and cable channels.
Guests have access to private or shared bathroom facilities.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling, fishing and hiking.
Kissimmee is 24 km from Hillcrest Villa in Davenport HD618, while Lakeland is 37 km away.
The property's on-site restaurant serves Western and Thai dishes.
Sheridan County Airport is 2 miles away.
Alloggi Marinella is family managed.
The kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, hob and fridge.
Fresh bread rolls can be delivered to your room every morning.
Ocean Spray features free WiFi throughout the property.
This pet-friendly accommodation is set in Fortuna, Costa Rica.
The Montreal complex also has a bar and restaurant.
Each apartment offers a private entrance, and either a balcony or terrace with views of the Bavarian Alps.
Currency exchanges and sightseeing arrangements can be done at the tour desk.
The property also offers packed lunches and mini-market.
All rooms include a minibar, Wi-Fi access, and a modern bathroom.
Most are en suite and some have a terrace.
The restaurant offers regional dishes prepared with fresh ingredients.
A dishwasher, an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen.
Rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and satellite channels.
Tennis courts can be found within 1 km.
Prachuap Khirikhan Province is 60 km away.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
All rooms come with wooden furnishings and floorings, and include a fridge.
Arena Corinthians Stadium is 36 km away.
Extras include a minibar, a seating area and satellite channels.
There is a restaurant and bar.
Jacob Villa features free WiFi .
The hotel restaurant serves a mix of local Bulgarian cuisine and international dishes.
At Prime Park Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
The property offers free parking.
Dining option includes room service.
La Maisonnette Alsacienne is 3 km from the centre of Strasbourg.
Towels are available.
Ginja Cooking School holds Thai cooking classes.
A shuttle service is available for an extra cost.
The Ritz Hotel features a private car park, bar, and 24-hour reception.
Guest House Slavaiya is set in Anapa, 41 km from Novorossiysk.
Congress centre MECC is 3 km away by car.
Each room comes with air conditioning, an electric kettle and a fan.
The bed and breakfast is 27.2 km from La Louvière, 20 km from Binche and 49.5 km from Tournai.
All rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Business travellers can make use of the the meeting, fax and photocopying facilities.
Towels are available.
The nearest ski lift is 1 km away.
Apartments Ilsia offers free parking.
A flat-screen satellite TV and a cozy sofa can be found in each room.
Luzhniki Stadium is 7 km from Lite Hotel, while Bitsa Park is 8 km from the property.
Various alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks are available at the bar.
The property is located a 10-minute drive from Venice, while Venice Marco Polo Airport is 10 km away.
Gümbet is 37 km from Akbuk Egeyıldızı.
The motel offers a daily breakfast.
Room service is also available.
Breakfast, lunch, dinner and room service are offered at 024 Grille.
The bright, air-conditioned rooms offer light-coloured interiors and classic-style decor.
The bright apartment features a TV and a fan.
Some have a balcony and Wi-Fi is available free of charge.
A traditional restaurant can be found 300 metres from the property.
The bathroom includes a shower.
It offers comfortable guest rooms.
Rooms here are all fitted with a TV and a private bathroom with a shower.
Half board with a 3-course or 4-course dinner are served in the Marie Antoinette Restaurant.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with slippers.
Free WiFi and free private parking is available, as well as a lift.
Each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower and hot water facility.
Holiday Home Les Lauriandes is located at Les Baux de Provence.
Termini Station is one metro stop away.
The bathroom comes with a shower and toilet.
Kotor is 29 km from Apartments in Vila Koral, while Bar is 17 km away.
Less than 5 minutes away on foot you will find the beach and an unforgettable view across the Bay of Naples.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
From Ses Arenes country house, guests can visit the Ses Salines Lighthouse, 2.5 km away.
Galeria Graffica shopping centre is within 1.5 km.
Wallaceville Train Station is just 650 metres away.
It provides free Wi-Fi access and complimentary parking spaces.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests can play lawn bowls and table tennis at the hotel.
The kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine.
Extras include a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
Cross-country ski runs and hiking trails are also right outside.
An array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings, including bowling.
They have plenty of natural light.
In the morning, you can enjoy a Turkish breakfast in buffet style.
The hotel has a 24-hour reception which provides computers with free internet access for all guests.
Silversands holiday apartments are a 20-minute drive from Arthurs Seat State Park and lookout.
All rooms feature hardwood floors and select rooms boast a river view.
BBQ facilities are also available.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
"Like" Hostel Pyatigorsk is located in Pyatigorsk.
Certain units have views of the mountain or pool.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Free WiFi is offered in public areas.
The nearest airport is Zadar Airport, 57 km from Apartments Julia.
You can have a drink at the bar.
You can enjoy city view and garden view from the room.
The staff at Naz Han can arrange a shuttle service to Ephesus.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
Apartment Saburova 17 is set in Izhevsk, 18 km from SK Chekeril.
You can park your car free of charge in front of the building.
There are also several restaurants within a 5-minute walk of the apartment.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Los Artesanos Beach sits just 500 metres away.
Some rooms have a private balcony or patio.
The town center is located 400 metres from the property.
The Moura Encantada is a 15-minute drive from Santa Clara-a-Velha.
There is a vending machine with drinks in the property.
Yemelyanovo International Airport is 33 km away.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a computer. There is also an electric kettle.
The rooms have shared bathrooms and lockers for guests’ belongings.
Coco Dive Center is 1.2 km from mimosa, while Cau Temple is 1.3 km from the property.
Guests have also access to a shared kitchen.
The hotel is a 25-minute drive from Hualien Airport.
Free guest parking is available.
Massages and Shiatsu treatments are available upon reservation, at an extra cost.
Offering a restaurant, JI Hotel Xianggang Middle Road Qingdao is located in Qingdao.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave and there is a private bathroom.
Free public parking is available.
Here, guests can have their meals in warm months.
Just 100 metres from the beach, Cristimar is located in Los Cristianos.
The Hollywood Walk of Fame is just 12 minutes’ walk away.
The bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
Surrounded by beautiful nature, Snowtrail Dogcamp Lodge is 45 km north of Gällivare.
The private bathrooms have a bathtub or a shower.
The town of Sodankylä and Sompio Nature Reserve are both within 50 km.
Hearty cuisine is served in the on-site restaurant.
Each en suite bathroom is equipped with a bath and shower.
Royal City Hotel is a 5-minute walk from Mandalay Railway station and Mandalay Palace.
Free rental bikes and physiotherapy are offered on site.
The nearest airport is Jeju International Airport, 2 km from the property.
Guests can also eat in the dining room, whose windows overlook the plants and flowers surrounding the property.
Hiking trails start at the doorstep and Brig is 24 km from the Jentsch Haus.
Various parks can be visited within a radius of 1 km.
Trine University is 5.3 miles away.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Guests benefit from balcony.
The Mosque of Sultan al-Muayyad is 1.5 km from the Grand Hotel.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 15 km from the property.
The staff is available 24-hours to help arrange trips around Amman.
Other facilities include a games room, a tennis court and a children’s playground.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
It has air conditioning and a TV, while the bathroom has a shower and a hairdryer.
A TV is featured.
An evening turn-down service is provided.
Pulkovo Airport is 15 km away.
There is a children’s playground and table tennis available.
It offers an organic breakfast and free Wi-Fi access.
There are many shops and restaurants in the area.
The main town and port of Corfu are 25 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
There is a bowling alley on site and guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Rusiń-Ski Ski Lift is located 4.5 km away.
The Kreithlift Ski Area is reachable within a 10-minute drive.
La Pointe D'Argent is less than 1 km from the ocean.
The Culinary Institute is 7.5 miles from the property.
Guests will also find restaurants within a 5-minute walk.
The area is popular for golfing and horse riding.
At Funtastic Beach Hostel, the friendly staff is fluently conversant in Vietnamese and English.
Airport pick-up can be arranged at a surcharge.
The on-site bar offers a selection of refreshing drinks and snacks.
The KaviarFactory Art Gallery is 400 metres away.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Bangka’s air-conditioned rooms come with a work desk.
Wired internet is available with an extra cost.
Shops and restaurants are available within 700 m distance.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
This property's privileged location allows guests to relax in the outdoor infinity swimming pool with uninterrupted sea views.
The village centre is 1 km away from the property and is a good starting point for hiking and cycling trials.
They are each equipped with air conditioning, a TV and a private bathroom with a shower.
The James Madison University is 3 miles from the hotel.
The nearest airport is Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport, 11.5 km from the property.
More details can be asked at the reception.
The air-conditioned rooms at Knights Inn Paxinos feature a flat-screen TV.
All rooms offer a TV with satellite channels.
Superior rooms feature a spa bath or a hot tub.
All bungalows have an open plan lounge and kitchen area.
Guests can also have a traditional meal, composed of organic products upon request.
The restaurant offers regional dishes from Veneto and classic Italian specialities.
Moldavian dishes, as well as international cuisine, are served in the hotel’s café-bar, and drinks can be ordered there as well.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Guests benefit from balcony.
At Footprints Villa you will find a private beach area.
At Holiday home Broholmvej Korsør IV you will find a sauna, a hot tub, a terrace and a woodburning stove.
Free private parking is available on site.
This modern, functional hotel offers a gym and a sauna.
Thessaloniki City is at 68 km.
All rooms feature a patio opening out to the garden.
A cable TV and kitchen with stove, microwave and refrigerator are included.
All rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV including Freeview channels.
Each comprises a kitchen or a kitchenette and a private bathroom.
The games room features a pool table, giant chess and table tennis.
The property offers currency exchange and laundry service.
Each room is simply decorated and includes bed and bath linen.
Each room has a private bathroom, TV and free WiFi.
Offering a restaurant, Fosters West Bay Resort is located in Roatán, right on a beautiful Caribbean beach.
The John Labatt Centre is 5 km away.
At The Garden Apartment you will find a garden. The property offers free parking.
Free private parking is available on site.
The hotel is a 5-minute drive from King Fahad’s Fountain.
The hotel is a 15-minute drive from Louhu Railway Station and Shekou Ferry Terminal.
Free parking is available at the Lazy Hostel.
Located 3 km from the Main Square of Zagreb, Apartment Royal offers self-catering accommodation.
Rooms at Gjestegard Rundhaug have either private or shared bathroom facilities.
Every room comes with a private bathroom.
The rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath.
Guests are welcomed with traditional refreshments.
Various restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance.
A toaster and kettle are also offered.
Discounts are available for stays longer than 4 nights.
Guests staying at the Third Square Furnished Apartments can also expect a clothes washer and a tumble dryer.
The en-suite bathroom comes with a shower.
The hotel staff can assist with arranging car hire and airport shuttles can be organised at an additional charge.
A small gym is also available.
Guests can also use the garden at Phoenix I Complex Alexander Services Apartments.
Guests are welcome to use the washing machine, or read a book from the small library.
It offers free Wi-Fi and private parking.
All rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV and an electric kettle.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV.
Guests can unwind with a drink at the Sand Dune Lobby Lounge.
Towels and bed linen are available at Apartamento Strachan 11.
Marmaris town centre is a 10-minute drive from the property.
The kitchenette has a refrigerator. A TV is offered.
At Al Hamouri Apartments you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Siena is 21 km from Holiday House Le Selvole.
Guest rooms at the Logis Hotel Au Relais Aspois are simply decorated.
Guests at Kennebunk Bufflehead Cove Inn can relax on the shared terrace.
All bathrooms are equipped with a shower.
Breakfast is served each morning.
Featuring air conditioning, Asia Place is located in Bangkok, 8 km from Wat Arun.
A bath and a shower are fitted in the bathroom.
Accommodations at the Sonho Verde Hotel boast scenic views from the large French-style windows.
Each room at this resort is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
There is a terrace for sunny days.
The apartment has a living room with a TV and sofas.
Local wines are also available.
Some room types come with a private bathroom with a shower or a bathtub.
The on-site restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast.
Apartment Jolly offers free parking.
Other facilities offered include a tour desk, luggage storage and a laundry.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the building.
Guests can exercise at the fitness centre or purchase souvenirs at the gift shop.
Restaurants, pizzerias, bars and shops can all be found inside the tourist complex.
The rooms at Howard Arms Hotel each have a TV and tea/coffee facilities.
Club Zangador is 600 metres from Hotel Dabaka, while Water Slide is 800 metres from the property.
The simply furnished rooms at Zen Zi has air conditioning, a fan and a private entrance.
Free private parking is also possible on site and Angers is 30 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
You can engage in various activities, such as snorkeling and fishing.
Located 900 metres from Milan Fashion District in Milan, this apartment features free WiFi.
Batumi International Airport is 6.6 km from the property.
Stars Avenue Mall is 5 km from the property.
Aruntara Riverside Boutique Hotel is situated along the Mae Ping River in downtown Chiang Mai.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the rooms.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
WiFi is free in public areas, and a shared kitchen and lounge are also available.
At the Mia Hotel breakfast is available daily in the restaurant.
Each room will provide you with a desk. There is also a dining table.
It is 500 metres to the supermarket and restaurant.
The property has a large garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities.
For your comfort, you will find bath robes, free toiletries and a hair dryer.
Sheremetyevo Airport is 12 km from the property.
Sneek and Leeuwarden can be reached within 25 minutes by car, while Franeker is a 12-minute car drive.
The apartment features a TV, washing machine, sofa and air conditioning.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The elegant rooms at the Zouk feature a range of satellite channels and ceiling mirrors.
Royal Łazienki Park is 1.9 km from Rakowiecka Apartment by SleepingCar, while Ujazdowski Park is 2.1 km away.
The units are equipped with free Wi-Fi and cable TV.
The bar serves refreshing drinks.
You can play billiards at the property, and the area is popular for fishing.
Select rooms also offer a sofa bed.
All rooms offer heating, tea/coffee making facilities and a refrigerator.
Guests then can relax under an umbrella in the large garden or lay in sun beds enjoying the views.
On-site facilities at the hotel include a children’s playground, bowling alley and billiards room.
At Griffith Suites you will be surrounded by the historic Griffith College Campus.
With a 24-hour front desk, this hotel is 120 metres from Gare du Nord Metro Station.
Campo de' Fiori is a 10-minute walk away.
Guests are welcome to explore the surroundings on free bicycles available on site.
It offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi and private parking.
All units are non smoking.
Sarajevo Airport is 50 km away.
Jackson Lake is 111 km from Longhorn Ranch Lodge & RV Resort.
Mini Mundo miniature park is located only 100 metres away.
It offers suites with cable TV, fully equipped kitchens and free Wi-Fi.
There is one bathroom with shower.
The Velky Javornik is situated 5 km away and the town of Bytča can be reached within 10 km.
Fes-Boulemane Airport is 38 km away.
Olaya Herrera Airport can be reached in 15 minutes by cars.
The nearest airport is Orlando International Airport, 18 km from the property.
One of the bedrooms boasts a fireplace and another has a spa bath and a private balcony.
Certain rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Bed linen and towels are included in the price.
Surat Thani Airport is located 55 km away.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
A city market can be found within a 5-minute walk.
At Malowniczy Domek you will find a 24-hour front desk, a shared lounge and a garden.
The restaurant serves fresh seafood dishes and a variety of cocktails.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is offered.
Rooms at this Colorado hotel feature cable TV.
Car rentals and airport transfers are available at an extra charge.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, a terrace and a seating area.
The bar serves drinks and snacks.
The apartment includes a seating area and 2 separate bedrooms.
This spacious unit is spread over 2 floors.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Free parking is possible in front of the building.
The nearest airport is Varna Airport, 18 km from Panoramic Maisonette Iglika.
Some rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
If you feel like visiting, Sveti Stefan Island is at a distance of 7 km.
Breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet.
Anapa Airport is 7 km away.
Ironing and laundry service are available for a fee.
Stunning views of the sea can be enjoyed on the terrace with a cup of Turkish tea or coffee.
Free private parking is available on site.
A TV is offered.
Aragonese Castle is 1.5 km away and Ischia Ferry Port is about 1 km from La Vispa Teresa.
Staff can recommend one of many restaurants in the Kungsholmen district.
Mudanya Ferry Port is 50 km from the hotel.
The property offers free parking.
A pebbly beach is 3.5 km away.
It features a garden with outdoor pool, children's playground and BBQ facilities.
Las Heras Avenue is 50 metres away.
The Salzburg-Nord motorway exit is only a few minutes’ drive away.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Ventimiglia Train Station is a 5-minute drive from the property.
The nearest airport is Kuala Lumpur International Airport, 8 km from the property.
Extras include slippers, free toiletries and a hair dryer.
Planet Inn Hotel Baku features free WiFi throughout the property.
Mijas Beach is just 300 metres from the property.
Club Hacienda Vodice is 2 km away.
Some rooms offer flat-screen TVs.
The on-site bar, the Tiger, serves a selection of coffee, cocktails and snacks.
Collaven Manor is in the North West of Dartmoor.
Free private parking is available on site.
This hotel is 600 metres from the coastal boardwalk and 2 km from the Thermal baths.
The Lurisia thermal baths can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
Guests are also treated to an evening wine reception.
A microwave and refrigerator are also provided in the guest rooms for added convenience.
Tri-City Landscape Park is 1,5 km away from the apartment.
Some have a fireplace.
Free Wi-Fi is accessible throughout the hotel and free parking is available on site.
The area gives many opportunities for hiking as well as skiing.
Each morning brekafast is served buffet style.
Guests can prepare homemade meals at Gîte Sion.
The kitchen is fully equipped.
The Church Village is surrounded by a beautiful, large garden.
Phuket Town is a 25-minute ride from the hotel.
Historic Crags Lodge provides rooms with a dining area.
Some suites also have a balcony.
You may play tennis on the court, or relax with a pampering massage or a sauna.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel.
A buffet breakfast service is available daily, at a surcharge.
The town of Spodnja Idrija is locally known for tradition and preserving the heritage of its ancestors.
The property features a terrace, a balcony and air conditioning.
Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
The spacious studio will provide you with satellite TV and a seating area.
At Hotel Silver Inn you will find facilities like car rental and laundry.
All rooms at the Acebos Cangas come with an en suite bathroom. There is a safety deposit box and a TV in each of the rooms.
The nearest airport is Goa International Airport, 18 km from the property.
The en suite bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer.
Free parking is provided.
The air-conditioned apartment will provide you with a TV and a balcony.
Trendy Apartment in Mouth is a renovated property located in Porto, 600 metres from the banks of the Douro river.
Chiado is 300 metres from the property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Each has a seating area with TV. A bathroom with a shower and a toilet are provided.
A large breakfast buffet is offered each morning.
Breakfast is served in the restaurant.
The Cascade Gondola is 5 minutes' walk away.
Hostellerie Des Guides is set right on the ski slopes in Cervinia.
Yue-Xiang Palace Chinese Restaurant serves a fine selection of local dishes.
Each room is unique with its antique furnishings and tall ceilings.
Guests can enjoy garden views from the rooms.
Guests can relax in a whirlpool bath, a sauna or a steam bath.
Main Bus and Railway Station are about 900 metres away.
A 5-minute walk will also take you to a variety of shops and restaurants.
A tour desk and a shuttle service are offered at the hotel.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
Gluten-free options are also available on request.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
Free tea/coffee and sweets are available in the lobby throughout the day.
Children's playground is next to the property, as well as tennis courts.
Guided hiking tours are organised as well.
Railway station is 500 metres from property, while Talagi Airport is 9 km from the property.
Non-smoking rooms are available.
Each bright room offers free Wi-Fi and a mini-fridge.
It is 200 metres from Jewish State Museum and 300 metres from the Old Town.
The nearest airport is Pakse International Airport, 46 km from Tadlo Lodge.
Guests can enjoy free WiFi in public areas, such as the hotel’s library.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Garcia Sanabria Park is 100 metres away, and Plaza de España is a 5-minute walk.
Guests at Hotel Banana can dine in the restaurant, which features Italian cuisine.
Edinburgh Airport is a half an hour’s drive from the hotel.
The nearest airport is McGhee Tyson Airport, 66 km from the property.
You can enjoy pool and garden views.
Bed linen is featured.
WiFi and satellite channels are provided for free.
Many shops, restaurants and bars are within walking distance.
They include a cable TV.
Cooled with air conditioning and fitted with hardwood floors, all the rooms feature a flat-screen TV and a work desk.
Horse riding is possible 500 metres away.
Oviedo Cathedral and the Asturias Museum of Fine Art are within 500 metres of the hotel.
Extras include a sofa and bed linen.
The resort is set among rice fields and features an outdoor pool, a restaurant and on site spa facilities.
The Gulf Islands National Seashore is 18 miles away.
A delivery service for fresh bread rolls is available on request for a surcharge.
The restaurant at Sever Hotel serves Russian and international cuisine.
Free Wi-Fi and parking are also available.
Granada is approximately 100 km away.
Makarska is 18 km from Apartments Casa Sul Mare, while Hvar is 42 km from the property.
All include a washing machine, ironing facilities and a fully-equipped kitchenette.
The complex offers fully-equipped, functional apartments with free Wi-Fi.
There is also a terrace with views of the sea.
The property is 3 km from Porto Cervo and 30 km from Golfo Aranci.
In less than 3 km, guests will find the modern Complex Wellness Termal Nymphaea.
The property has a terrace and provides ski storage.
You can enjoy garden view from the balcony.
All of Chbat’s rooms are air conditioned and fitted with TV, minibar and telephone.
Guests can cook their own meals and order room service breakfast.
Bilderberg Hotel De Bovenste Molen is situated in a green forest area nearby the city of Venlo.
It features a TV and a bathroom with a shower.
Lyon Airport can be reached in 30 minutes by car.
Free bicycles are available to explore the hotel’s surroundings.
Lone Star Executive Airport is 10 minutes’ drive away.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The apartment is 6 km from Islands Brygge.
Featuring a shower, the 2 private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
The Cala Montero II Apartments are 2.5 km from the centre of Vinarós.
A wide variety of restaurants, bars and clubs can be found within a short walk from the property.
At Casa Vacanza Alonzo you will find a 24-hour front desk.
The hotel offers various massage options, for guests to treat themselves to.
Some rooms have a fireplace.
K Star House operates a 24-hour front desk.
Each includes a private bathroom with hairdryer and slippers.
Guests have access to a fully equipped shared kitchen.
Drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
Secrets Spa offers 10 treatment rooms as well as a sauna and a relaxation lounge.
Breakfast is provided each morning at La Bournerie.
There is a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher and a microwave.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
All come with a TV, CD player and well-stocked minibar.
Holders of a valid Hostelling International membership card pay less at Danhostel.
The spa area and indoor pool can be used from 07:00.
Free private parking is also available.
Other services at the hotel include laundry and ironing services.
The furnished terrace offers town views and garden views.
The property is 25 km from Belo Horizonte centre and bus station.
Free WiFi access is available.
Full English breakfast is served every morning.
Falcone-Borsellino Airport is located 77 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
The studios will provide you with a seating area and a kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Erawan Waterfall is a 20-minute drive while Bangkok is a 2-hr drive away.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this self-catering accommodation.
A Pai Apartment is located in Guangzhou and offers self-catering accommodation.
Free WiFi access is available in this holiday home.
The on-site restaurant offers Japanese, Korean and Western cuisines.
This property is 1.7 km from Plaza de la Patria square and 2 km from Parque Héroes Mexicanos Metropolitan Park.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Guests have a 24-hour front desk at their disposal.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
A sauna and steam bath can be used free of charge at a hotel across the street.
The nearest airport is Surgut Airport, 10 km from Lemar Apartments Mayskaya 22.
Tea and coffee is also served.
Hotel Jingyue International is a 1-hour drive from the popular Nanjing Road Walking Street.
The apartment is 200 metres from Artus Court.
Free private parking is available on site.
Breakfast is available daily in the dining room.
It offers rooms with a balcony overlooking Mount Parnonas.
The Hampton Inn and Suites is one mile from the Austin Bergstrom International Airport.
Guests staying here can enjoy a wide array of activities, including horse riding, fishing and diving.
The Laxman Jhula is 10 km away and the Girija Devi Temple is 12 km away.
All rooms are heated and soundproofed.
Guests can visit the Eden Project, which is a short journey from the nearby rail station.
Hotel Pantonia Apartments is 17 km away from Kithira Airport and less than 30 km from the island’s port.
All rooms include a seating area and a TV with cable channels.
At Formosa Crown Motel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden.
Rooms have swimming pool views or views of the mountain.
Inside, there is a fitness centre.
PortAventura Theme Park is less than 10 km away and Tarragona is 23 km away.
The hotel also offers a buffet breakfast.
Private bathroom comes with a shower and tile floors.
Some rooms have private balconies and offer views of the city.
At Holiday home Lyngsbækvej IX you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace.
Split Airport is 20 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi is also available.
Seaport Bar & Brasserie is a pleasant setting for a light meal or an evening drink.
The area is popular for skiing and hiking.
A free shuttle service to a sandy beach in the north is available during summer.
Each includes a kitchenette with mini oven, fridge and coffee maker.
Wireless internet is available in the entire hotel free of charge.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bidet.
Funchal city is 9 km from Vivenda Belo Horizonte and Madeira Airport is 11 km away.
The Sierra Nevada Ski Resort is a 2-hour drive away.
Kastrup Airport is located 33 km from the property.
Relax in its peaceful gardens or enjoy a stroll through the woods beside the property.
Some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Dimitrios Apartments features free WiFi throughout the property.
Waihi Beach is 20 minutes' away.
Ohrid Airport is 8 km from the property.
Free private parking is offered nearby the Archontariki Villa.
The apartments also offer a kitchen with a dishwasher and a dining area.
ALLuar Lodge features free WiFi throughout the property.
Some apartments have a private terrace.
Al Massira Airport is 31 km away.
Bed linen is featured.
Ian Fleming International Airport can be reached in a short 4-minute drive.
It offers rooms with free Wi-Fi and sea views.
Pousada Solar da Praça is located in Porto Seguro.
There is a full kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator.
A private bathroom is included.
Free private parking spaces and safe-deposit boxes are provided.
The holiday home is a non-smoking house.
MAMAC is 2.3 km away.
Several shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a few minutes ́ walking distance.
There is also a café-bar, where free Wi-Fi is available.
You will find free shuttle service and shops at the property.
Each room is fitted with a flat-screen TV.
At Oceanic Avenida del Mar guests will find barbecue facilities.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Bed linen and towels are included.
Casa Seggiano is a 30-minute drive from San Quirico D’orica.
Dalescroft offers bed and breakfast accommodation, each morning serving a full English breakfast in a charming building.
Guests at Janna Sur Mer can relax at the private pool or the sun terrace beside the outdoor swimming pool.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
With tiled floor, all rooms come with a wardrobe, minibar and TV.
Activities in the surrounding area include golfing, cycling and hiking.
The property offers free parking.
Borjomi Likani Homestay features free WiFi .
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
At relais du leman you will find barbecue facilities and a snack bar.
There is also a summer terrace and a nightclub.
Free parking is also available.
Certain units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The Pramataris Hotel is only 100 metres from the marketplace and Monemvasia city centre.
Clisson is only 10 km away.
The scenic beaches of Makris Gialos and Platis Gialos are at 3 km.
All of the heated units feature a bathroom with a shower.
Saint Jean de Luz Beaches are at 5 km and Biarritz Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
Oceanografic is 3.4 km from Apartamento Tapineria, while Puerto de Valencia is 4.2 km from the property.
It is also possible to use the pension's free bikes to discover the surroundings.
Erzincan Bus Terminal is 2 km from the hotel.
Take a dip in the cool waters of the pool in the afternoon heat.
Some rooms include mountain views.
Tivat Airport is 15 km away.
In the apartment there is a kitchen where you can prepare your own meals.
Multiple resort swimming pools feature up to 19 cabanas.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free private parking is available on site.
Laundry services are also provided.
This house offers four bedrooms and accommodates twelve people.
Free private parking is available on site.
Breakfast is served in the breakfast room with arched walls.
The La Strea is 5 minutes' walk from Porto Cesareo’s centre.
Guests at the hotel can dine in the on-site restaurant operating 24/7.
Free WiFi is provided.
The property offers spacious apartments with air conditioning and a private kitchen.
For your comfort, it offers a fitness centre.
It has a tour desk, a restaurant and an outdoor swimming pool
The town of Bar is 14 km from the Apartments Zec.
Free public parking is available near the Zum Elefant from 17:00.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
Clean towels and bed linen are provided for free.
Situated in Weiden am See, 1 km from Lake Neusiedl, Markt 67 is a stylish holiday home fitted with Austrian design furniture.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
The hotel offers an outdoor pool and rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
WiFi is accessible for free throughout its premises.
The nearest airport is Kaliningrad Khrabrovo Airport, 19 km from Apartments on prospekt Mira 84.
Rogers Arena is 1.5 km from Howard Johnson Hotel Vancouver.
The bathrooms offer a shower plus a hairdryer.
Free Wi-Fi is available.
Guests at Chata U Krále Šumavy s.r.o.
Corcovado National Park is a 45-minute boat ride away.
Avignon-Provence Airport is 99 km away.
Vau Beach is 3.2 km away.
The Sankt Anton Ski Area is 1.5 km away.
Featuring a SPA and a Chinese restaurant, it provides business services and free WiFi in all areas.
Located in Rome, this apartment is 400 metres from Piazza di Santa Maria in Trastevere.
Entertainments facilities at Bay View Hotel Apartments include billiards and a children’s playground.
Other facilities like ski storage are offered.
The nearest airport is Samui Airport, 13 km from Green Coconut Village.
Free Wi-Fi access is included.
The property offers free parking.
All beds have electronic adjustment controls.
Bright and spacious, rooms at H2O Termal are fitted with air conditioning.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Other facilities at Pearl One include a seasonal outdoor pool.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in public areas.
Pampulha – Carlos Drummond de Andrade Airport is 11 km away.
Freedom Square is 1.5 km from the Kizhi City Centre.
Breakfast and lunch are served the second deck of Yuzer Hotel Sude Boran.
The nearest airport is Antalya Airport, 59 km from the property.
Traditional Bavarian cuisine is served in the hotel restaurant.
There are 2 twin bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a bath or shower.
Rooms are also equipped with a satellite TV and telephone.
Some have an independent kitchen, some have 2 bathrooms.
Free WiFi is provided in public areas.
This central Nuuk hotel is less than 6 km from Nuuk Airport.
You will find valet parking at the property.
Light meals and Chinese tea can be enjoyed at both Mingheyuan Tea House and the Lai Bao Tea House.
The guest house also offers car hire.
Private parking is available on site.
A massage service is available.
The kitchenette is fitted with a microwave and a fridge.
The central bus station is within a 5-minute walk away.
A nature trail starts directly outside Hotel Am Sauwald.
The private bathroom includes a shower and toilet.
All rooms have a TV, hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities.
Free WiFi access is available.
It features on-site laundry facilities and free wired internet.
The hotel also offers car hire.
Guests can relax in the public baths and sing at the karaoke rooms.
Complete with an oven, the kitchen also has a dining table and fridge.
A launderette is available as well.
A DVD player and Play Station 2 are available on request.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are available in some units.
Famous guests at Haus Koller have included the actress Romy Schneider.
The refined restaurant specialises in delicious, local food.
A bus stop with links to Bolzano is 50 metres from the property.
You will find luggage storage space at the property.
Free on-site parking is provided.
Each of the air-conditioned room has a satellite TV and a private bathroom.
The nearest airport is Pisa International Airport, 14 km from the property.
This home has 4 bedrooms and 1 mezzanine and can accommodate up to 10 people.
WiFi is available at an additional fee.
Hotel An Der Brunnader is situated in the town of Bad Birnbach.
The kitchen comes with an oven, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a coffee machine and a kettle.
Energize at the gym or on the tennis court.
Some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
It features self-catering accommodation with garden views. Free WiFi is available throughout.
Fax, printing and photocopying facilities are provided as well.
The Slopeside Rentals feature a fully equipped kitchen and a private balcony.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided and each room has a private bathroom.
The kitchen is equipped with an electric cooker, a dishwasher and a microwave.
The US/Canadian border is less than 15 minutes’ drive away.
The property has a private beach area and car hire is available.
It is next door to a sports centre.
It is also less than a 10-minute walk from the bustling Silom Road.
The restaurant is reserved to guests and features a sea-view terrace.
The bar features nightly drink specials and room service is available.
The beautiful Moselle countryside has many cycling and hiking tracks.
A daily breakfast buffet is served in the hotel restaurant.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Supetar with the Ferry Terminal is 8 km away.
The kitchens are complete with an oven, stove, fridge and extractor fan.
Guests can dine in the on-site restaurant or enjoy a drink in the bar.
The historic town of Eger is 7 km from the premises.
Meribel, Courchevel and Les Menuires ski resort are all within a 40-minute drive.
The apartment is 1.9 km from Trinity Cathedral.
Breakfast is served in the building next door.
Guests can use the ski storage room at Appartements Eden.
It offers modern-style rooms with free Wi-Fi, and is surrounded by a garden.
Each apartment has its own private bathroom.
The apartments feature a balcony, sofa and washing machine.
Visit the nearby Adiamo dance club, the Kaiserpalais theatre and the Bali thermal baths.
There is also a tour desk and bike rentals.
You will have access to shared bathroom facilities.
Carrasco International Airport is located 18 km away.
Tripoli Town is 19 km from the property, while Athens City is 160 km away.
Hotel Pearls offers accommodation in Salem. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
An airport shuttle is available upon request.
The chalets have a patio with a hammock and garden views.
All rooms feature a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Other facilities like meeting facilities are offered.
Other facilities include grocery deliveries and free WiFi throughout.
Free parking is on site.
Electric kettles are available upon request.
Rooms includes a fan, a mosquito net and a private bathroom with a shower.
Hiking and skiing opportunities can be found in the vicinity.
Hiking and mountain bike trails start right outside.
The nearest airport is Zaragoza Airport, 71 km from Apartamentos Turisticos Rio Gallego.
It features several artworks by local and foreign artists.
They also come with a private furnished patio and a flat-screen TV.
The main square and San Juan Bautista village are 1 km away.
Krka National Park is 40 km away.
The rooms at Hotel Kartanesi come with modern furnishings.
A 24-hour reception is offered at Weslaco Deluxe Inn and Suites.
Featuring a seafront location, Apartment Villa by the Sea is a self-catering accommodation in Vinišće.
The hotel has spacious guestrooms with a TV, private bathroom and free WiFi.
All units are fully equipped, are conditioned and include seating and dining area.
It's also a 2-minute walk from the Otaru Tenguyama Ski Resort, and a 10-minute walk from Otaru Canal.
Massage treatments and car rental can be arranged upon request.
The property features a sun terrace and views of the mountain.
Each air-conditioned apartment includes free Wi-Fi and kitchen facilities.
Your self-contained apartment features a fully equipped kitchen and laundry.
The daily breakfast buffet includes champagne.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
Featuring free WiFi and a sun terrace, Guesthouse White House offers accommodation in Kutaisi.
It is a 90-minute drive from both Rotorua and Hamilton International Airport.
Cancún is 38 km from the property.
Extras include a desk, bed linen and cleaning products.
Hostal Kala features 2 supermarkets nearby.
The kitchen has an oven and a microwave. A flat-screen TV is provided.
The property offers free parking.
A continental breakfast with sweet and savoury options is provided daily as a buffet.
The kitchen includes an oven, refrigerator and toaster.
Wellton Centrum Hotel & SPA is 500 metres from the Daugava River, and 8 km from the Riga Zoo.
The lodge features individual chalets, spread along the western coast of the island and overlooking the natural parkland.
Billiards can be enjoyed in the hotel.
Rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
The surrounding garden is ideal for safe play.
Bouling Pub offers a bar, banquet facilities and a sauna.
You can also access the beach in 10 km.
Each room is fitted with air conditioning, a cable TV and a fridge.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
A bathroom with a bath and free toiletries come standard.
An outdoor swimming pool and sunbeds can also be used at the Pürcherhof.
Safety deposit box and luggage storage are available at the 24-hour front desk.
Most apartments feature a furnished terrace.
Public parking is free on site.
There is free parking nearby.
Each room at Hôtel Les Mimosas includes a fan, a closet and a TV.
Coyote Creek Golf Club and Gilroy Premium Outlet Mall are both a 12-minute drive away.
The kitchenette includes a fridge, microwave and coffee maker.
Free Wi-Fi at the bar and on-site, private parking are provided.
Guests can enjoy the lovely open views and complete bathroom facilities.
Free Wi-Fi is offered in all guest rooms at Westshore Oceanfront.
There is a café and a lounge with a TV, fireplace and board games.
Free private parking is available on site.
The famous Crucible and Lyceum Theatres are 200 metres away.
Hiking trails start right outside.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Situated in London, this apartment is 1.4 km from London Bridge.
The village centre is a 5-minute walk away, and cross-country ski runs are 100 metres away.
The property is surrounded by a wide range of bars, traditional restaurants and shops.
Telese Terme spa town is 30 km away.
The bright rooms at the Sun & Earth Villa are decorated with tiled floors and wooden furniture.
The nearest airport is Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport, 15 km from the property.
The Brookfield Zoo along with Chicago city centre is also within driving distance.
The rooms either overlook part of the sea or the historic city centre.
Nantucket Memorial Airport is 4 km away.
The apartment is made up of a sofa bed in the living room and 1 double bed on a mezzanine.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 16 km from the property.
The outdoor swimming pool area features sun loungers, where guests can relax after a plunge in the pool. Table tennis is also available for those more energetic.
The property is 8 km from Sopot and private parking is offered.
is around a 30-minute drive from the hotel.
Featuring a garden, Hostel and Campsite Mystical Adventures offers accommodations in Urubamba.
Ekatontapyliani Church is 800 metres away.
Guests benefit from balcony.
All rooms are air-conditioned, with a TV and a private bath.
The property has a private beach area and a buggy is available for guests' transfer.
Ski storage is available on site.
This family-run hotel offers a wide view from its south-facing terrace.
Free private parking is available in front of the building.
Other facilities like a ticket service are offered.
Skiing is possible within 1000 metres.
The tour desk can assist guests with making travel arrangements.
Oishe Boutique Hotel features free WiFi .
It is air-conditioned and includes a washing machine.
It serves a variety of dishes including gourmet pizzas, satay chicken skewers, schnitzels and sandwiches.
Khosta Train Station is 5.5 km from the property.
The property is 12 minutes’ drive from Gulfarium Marine Adventure Park.
Free WiFi access is available.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator.
A complimentary continental breakfast is served each morning.
Guests will also enjoy the free daily breakfast as well as the modern fitness centre, complete with an outdoor swimming pool.
The living room has a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
Free WiFi is available.
Beach chairs and parasols, as wel as an entertainment staff for children, are available.
There is a dining area and a kitchen. A TV is provided.
You will appreciate the hotel's peaceful location.
Guests may enjoy their breakfast either on the boat or at a nearby restaurant.
The rooms have a flat-screen TV.
The hotel has a 24-hour front desk and offers free private on-site parking.
Kanchanaburi is 8 km from S Hotel, while Sai Yok is 37 km away.
Free Wi-Fi is provided throughout the hotel.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower.
These studios and apartments can accommodate between 1 and 3 guests.
They come equipped with a minibar and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
The resort also provides laundry services and car rentals.
The unit equipped with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The property also features a lift that serves all floors.
Lo Scoiattolo is 8 km from the start of the Gariglione – Pisarello nature protection area.
An en suite bathroom is fitted with shower facilities.
The area is popular for skiing and horse riding.
Dry cleaning, laundry and airport shuttle services are provided at an extra cost.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
Free Wi-Fi access is possible in communal areas and in some rooms.
Firenze Campo Di Marte Train Station is 1.5 km away.
Santiago International Airport is located 14 km from the property.
The Tocina Business has a café and a restaurant, where a daily breakfast buffet is served.
This guest house has a ski pass sales point and bike hire is available.
There is a shared bathroom with a bath or shower.
Other dining options are a 5-minute walk away.
Other facilities offered include ticketing service, a tour desk and shops (on site).
Shower facilities are available in the private bathroom.
Free private parking is possible on site and free Wi-Fi access is available across the property.
Each apartment has a kitchenette, a seating area and a cable TV.
At Wangcome Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
The A7 motorway is 15 minutes away by car.
Santa Flavia Train Station is 3 km away and Palermo Airport is 30 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday park.
The unit is 15 km from Los Cristianos.
This resort is on the east coast of Spain, in the province of Castellón.
Situated in Bang Rak, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony with river views. The unit is 4 km from Bangkok.
There is a microwave and fridge and a dining table.
Santorini Water Fantasy Park is 30 km away.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Apartments include a fully equipped kitchenette.
The hotel can arrange on-site private parking.
Dining options include an à la carte restaurant equipped with wooden dining tables and chairs.
You will find a hairdresser's at the property.
Located above a row of shophouses, Chin Hua Holiday Home 5 is located in the historical state of Melaka.
For dinner, Hotel Handelia offers a daily changing 3 course menu.
Trogir Green Market can be reached within 4.1 km as well as Park Eks Fanfogna. Split Airport is located 3 km away.
Camden Lock Market is 1.2 miles away.
The barbecue facilities are also provided.
The nearest airport is Villafranca Airport, 10 km from Cristina Apartment.
The hotel is within 2 km of Panjim Bus Stand, Dona Paula and Panjim Church.
The property is 2.5 km from the FC Sarajevo Stadium and from Sarajevo Zoo.
The accommodation provides a TV and air conditioning.
Room service is available.
It offers a tour desk, a library and a bar.
Khimki is 37 km from Apartment in Zheleznodorozhnyy, while Podolsk is 45 km away.
The rooms here will provide you with a seating area.
The nearest beach is around a 15-minute drive from Carlota.
Massages are available, at a surcharge.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
The renowned beaches of the South-East Coast are also within easy reach if you are travelling by car.
They have a warm touch of colour and tiled floors.
Some guest rooms also include a minibar.
A variety of award-winning breakfasts is offered, including cooked to order options.
Gardaland Theme Park is 4.5 km away.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
In summer, Castello di San Marco Charming Hotel & SPA has its own private beach.
Aix-en-Provence is 48 km from Chez Laurent, while Avignon is 24 km away.
A cycling trail to Šumná starts 200 metres away.
Russian-Siberian and international food is served for lunch and dinner.
Bundesplatz S-bahn (city rail) Station is just 300 metres away.
Piazza is 300 metres from Ushba, while Europe Square is 300 metres away.
Each room includes a TV and some of the rooms have a balcony overlooking the street.
Accommodation at City M28 is simply decorated and has heating.
Free private parking is offered on site.
The Valley of the Temples is 6 km from the property.
The area is popular for cycling and hiking.
Bremen Airport is 4 km away.
The 2 bedroom property Trafalgarvej is located in Hvide Sande and is 70 km from Billund Airport.
Shops are located within 800m and Restaurants within 2km.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and refrigerator.
Other services offered include a laundry.
It offers a large wellness centre with both indoor and outdoor swimming pools.
The hotel features 24-hour room service, a tour desk and laundry services.
Each includes a TV and private bathroom with shower.
Free WiFi is featured .
The private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
There are several cafes and restaurants within a 5-minute drive.
Hotel California Flats offers accommodation in Anápolis.
Certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
A wine country and scenic hiking trails are also available nearby.
Free private parking is provided in the premises.
The hotel is 1 hour’s drive from Pietersburg Getaway Airport.
Two bedroom apartments of Yesenina 30 offers accommodation in Minsk, 8 km from Pishchalausky Castle.
The hotel has an on-site tour desk.
It offers free WiFi access, as well as a garden and a 24-hour reception.
This air-conditioned apartment offers free WiFi.
Boat parking is available.
Maderno Apartment is a self-catering accommodation located in Milan.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Apartamento Rio de Janeiro.
There is a free shuttle serving the ski lifts during the winter season.
Duca Di Mantova provides modern rooms with LCD TVs and free Wi-Fi access.
The bathrooms provide a hairdryer, bidet, bathrobes and slippers.
A fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
The popular Sants Estacio stadium is just 2 km away.
Dream Home Hostel 2 is less than a 10-minute ride from Victory Gate.
Free private parking is available on site. Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
specialises in grilled seafood, while cocktails are available at the Tree House.
The staff may help with arrangements to take a tour to watch the whales when season.
A minibar and hairdryer are standard.
The apartments offer a living area with a sofa and a dining area.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Some rooms have a microwave, and some have a spa bath.
A supermarket can be found 2 km away.
The tour desk is ready to assist with tips for getting around the area.
The property offers 2 restaurants that serve a variety of cuisines that range from Western, Japanese to Chinese favourites.
Activities on site include canoeing, fishing and horse riding.
Other property facilities include a 24-hour front desk and luggage storage.
PJ Inn Pattaya is located in Pattaya Central and 1 km from the beachfront.
Kleines Haus Karon Beach Phuket features comfortable accommodation with modern facilities.
Extras include a desk and ironing facilities.
Parking spaces are limited.
Breakfast buffet is served daily and includes items such as fresh juice, fresh baked bread and boiled eggs.
Home Away From Home - Light Breakfast Included features free WiFi throughout the property.
The café offers a relaxing spot for a coffee break, while there are also barbeque facilities in the garden for all guests to use.
This hotel also offers a business center and on-site laundry facilities.
A supermarket is 300 metres away and a restaurant is 150 metres from the property.
Vending machines and free private parking are also available on site.
Lugano Airport is located 20 km away.
Rio de Janeiro/Galeao International Airport is located 18 km from the property.
The hotel is 6 km from Nehru Park and Brahmaputra Beach and 15 km from Maa Kamakhya Temple.
La Flamenka terrace, open during the weekends, offers concerts and meals.
A shuttle to the airport can arranged upon request.
The kitchen is equipped with a stove, microwave and BBQ.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Free parking is available.
The rooms have a 40-inch flat-screen TV, a DVD player and a dining area.
The nearest airport is Da Nang International Airport, 22 km from the property.
Each room here is equipped with air conditioning and city views.
Guests can find restaurants in the immediate vicinity of Hotel y Suites Corita.
It provides functional rooms with access to a shared kitchen and TV room.
Free Wi-Fi is included in the apartments.
The common living room offers a stereo system and a DVD player.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
Certain rooms feature views of the garden or city.
There are also many cafés and restaurants near the Hotel An Der Oper.
The hotel has a terrace and hot tub, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Guests benefit from patio and a sun terrace. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Each air-conditioned room includes cable TV.
The property is 5 km from Malnichora Tea Garden and 54 km from Jaflong.
With classic décor, rooms provide satellite TV with Sky channels.
The nearest airport is Samui Airport, 15 km from Villa Charlotte.
Guests can relax on the hotel’s terrace, located on the first floor and overlooking the sea.
Free parking is provided on site.
Free public parking is available nearby.
The nearest golf course is 3.1 km from the unit.
A shared outdoor terrace with tables and BBQ facilities are also featured.
Apart Hotel Blumenau is 3 km from Osorno shopping centre.
Free parking space is available on site.
Astana International Airport is 15 km away.
Each room at this bed and breakfast features a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Fuerteventura Golf Club is less than 1 km away and El Matorral Airport is within 6 km.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Armony Residence Holiday Apartment.
A TV is featured.
Snacks and sandwiches are also available.
Guests can relax on the sun loungers by the pool, or make use of the sauna and fitness centre facilities.
Rooms have a shared bathroom.
The nearest airport is John Wayne Airport, 16 km from the property.
Gluten-free options are available upon request.
The kitchen is equipped with an electric cooker, a dishwasher and a microwave.
Facilities include a spa centre.
Coral Ridge Country Club is 3 km from this motel.
The rustic holiday home has a patio with outdoor furniture.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Pirogov Hospital is 3.7 km from Apartment Mur, while Tokuda Hospital is 3.8 km from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries and meeting facilities.
Packed lunches and special menus are available.
Gazipasa Airport is 30 km away.
A free continental breakfast is served at the hotel and room service is available.
It features 2 large outdoor pools with a swim-up bar, spa and 3 dining options.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
Offering a restaurant, Hotel Pegas is located in Makhachkala, 200 metres from the Caspian Sea.
Bicycle rentals are available.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and laptop.
They come with walk-in wardrobes and marble bathrooms.
This cosy property has been completely refurbished.
Private on-site parking is free of charge from November 1st until April 1st.
At Paradise Guest House you will find services like laundry and dry cleaning.
You have discounts at the private beach in July and August.
You will find him at the premises during check-in and check-out time.
At Villa Mihkel you will find a sauna and barbecue facilities.
Alghero and Alghero Fertilia Airport are located a 1-hour drive away.
Milan Linate Airport is 13 km away.
Other facilities offered include luggage storage and ski storage.
Situated 1 km from Eiffel Tower in Paris, this apartment features free WiFi. Guests benefit from terrace.
There is a shared kitchen that can be used by guests and barbeque facilities are also provided.
Free private parking is available on site.
Featuring free WiFi, Apart-Hotel Camelot offers accommodation in Pskov, 4 km from the Trinity Cathedral.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge.
La Bégude has free bicycle rental and a fenced private car park.
A variety of activities can be enjoyed including the fitness centre and minigolf.
Guests of the house may cook their own meals in the full kitchen at their disposal.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and a children's playground.
The apartment is decorated in lively and vibrant colours.
Within a 3-minute walk, guests will find a variety of dining options.
Bačvice Beach can be reach in a 10-minute walk away.
The pedestrian street, Gerritsgade, is less than 5 minutes’ walk away.
Massage treatments are also offered.
There is free WiFi throughout the house.
There is a garden to relax in, and free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
Each air-conditioned room comes with a TV.
You can enjoy a garden view.
Casa Giorgia is located in the centre of Trapani, 500 metres from the beach.
St. Gallen is 46 km from Zum Torkelhaus, while Friedrichshafen is 33 km from the property.
Buffet breakfast is available daily from 06:00 to 10:00 and can be booked on arrival.
Each room has a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
Holiday home Sløruglevej Slagelse XI is located in Korsør.
It has access to a shared outdoor pool and sun terrace.
Located in Krasnaya Polyana, Rodnik Guest House offers free parking.
Merino Benitez International Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
Guests staying at the Mercure are welcome to use the free internet terminal in the lobby.
Lucca is a 30-minute drive from the California Park, while Viareggio is 20 km away.
Akranes Rooms is located in Akranes, West Iceland, 42 km from Reykjavík.
A library and laundry service is available.
The private bathroom comes with shower.
Pattaya Floating Market is 4 km from Sea Crest by Jomtien, while Mimosa Pattaya is 7 km away.
The hotel serves a daily buffet breakfast and has a bar where guests can relax.
The menu includes a variety of traditional specialties as well as international cuisine.
Guests can enjoy international dishes at the restaurant.
This holiday home is 65 km from Billund Airport.
Apartments No.5 Sarajevo comprise a garden and a patio.
Pompidou Centre is 1.9 km from Lokappart - Monge, while Louvre Museum is 2.2 km from the property.
West Nanjing Road line 2 metro station is a 10-minute walk away.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
The town of Nymburk is within 10 km.
Free wired internet access is available and guests have access to free on-site parking.
On request, a chaffeur service can be organised.
The neighbourhood offers several restaurants and Tulum can be reached in a 15-minute drive.
Rooms have a TV with cable channels.
Guests can enjoy a barbecue, a restaurant or grab a drink at the on-site bar.
A TV is offered.
All rooms are air-conditioned and offer a TV with satellite and cable channels.
In-room entertainment is provided with the flat-screen cable/satellite TV and DVD player.
Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas.
All guest rooms at Storliens B&B have access to shared bathroom and kitchen facilities.
Arezzo is 49 km from Casamaggio Villas, while San Gimignano is 41 km from the property.
The waterfront is just 260 metres away.
The hotel is located a 30-minute drive from Manza Kazawaguchi Train Station.
Each chalet has a very small outdoor pool available in summer months.
The restaurant offers homemade regional dishes.
Olympic Star offers all the comforts for a pleasant stay.
You can relax in the property’s garden or rent a bike for free and explore the surroundings.
The Old Town is 7 tram stops from the property.
Calabona Beach is 2 km from the property.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven.
The property offers a tour desk, where guests can arrange tours throughout the region.
Featuring air conditioning, Na Krymskoy Apartment is set in Sochi, 5 km from Rivyera Park. Green Theatre is 5 km from the property.
Seneca Niagara Casino is 28 miles from the hotel.
Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport is 5 km from the property.
There is either a terrace or balcony with a view of the lake.
Meijel and Herthuysen are both located within a 10-minute drive.
Some units include air conditioning.
A fridge and kettle are also offered.
The terrace offers views over a garden.
Towels and toiletries are available.
FreeWiFi access is available.
The hotel has 24-hour hot water and air conditioning.
Breakfast is served on site or at a bar just outside the door.
Free WiFi access is available.
Free parking is available.
Basilica of Saint Paul is less than a 20-minute walk from the property.
Several restaurants are within a 3-minute walk from Weingut Rebhof Sommer.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
A grocery shop is just 200 metres away.
This guest house is 3.6 km from Pernambuco Beach.
A furnished balcony with pool and garden views is featured in all rooms.
Hotel Ionian Princess Suites offer free Wi-Fi connection and free private parking on site.
Corporate offices including Atlas Copco and General Dynamics are also nearby.
Housed in a 19th-century building, it offers free WiFi and discounted rates at a partner spa centre.
Located on the sixth floor of Alpenhotel Dachstein, it is easily accessible by lift.
Free WiFi access is available.
You can enjoy pool view from the room.
Free private parking is provided on site.
A continental breakfast is served every morning.
A train station and a tram stop are directly opposite Novum Hotel Prinz Eugen.
Parking is available on site, at an extra fee.
A TV is also provided.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing.
It is available from Wednesdays to Sundays.
The air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a satellite TV and a DVD player. There is also a refrigerator.
Braşov is 32.6 km from Romanita Holiday House, while Poiana Braşov is 27.4 km away.
Marbella is 59 km from the property.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
The apartment is 1.6 km from Dolphinarium.
A tea/coffee maker and minibar are also provided.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
The guest house is a 45-minute drive from Bali Denpasar International Airport.
Bed linen, towels and bathrobes are also available.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Frances beach (1.7 km).
The clean rooms consist of a clothes rack. Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Andorra Bus Station is a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Massage services are also offered at a surcharge.
Laptops can be rented at a surcharge.
Free WiFi throughout and free private, on-site parking are also provided.
On-site conveniences include laundry service, shared kitchen facilities and dining area.
Tuapse Train Station 9 km away.
Other facilities offered include games room and a laundry.
A TV with satellite channels, as well as an iPad are offered.
There are a number of restaurants and pubs within a 5-minute drive.
A variety of massages and beauty treatments are available.
Guests at Los Mimbres Hotel can enjoy use of the outdoor pool, or book a guided regional excursion.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV.
Bookings for stag/hen parties are not accepted.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower and a bath.
One of the double rooms features an outdoor hot tub.
This hotel offers a wide range of services and facilities including a terrace, outdoor swimming pool, and gym.
Some have a balcony.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
Thessaloniki Airport is 90 km away.
Rooms at the Bergwelt have a TV and a bathroom with a shower and toilet.
Activities in the surrounding area include mini golf.
Lake Nojiri is a 15-minute drive away.
Free secured public parking is available.
Other services include car hire, airport shuttle and valet parking.
They are also equipped with all the amenities needed for a pleasant stay.
Satellite TV is provided.
Featuring a balcony, all units feature a seating and dining area.
Kloster.
Free toiletries are included.
This hotel offers a daily continental breakfast.
Halmstad city centre is 25 km away.
Each apartment includes a lounge area and opens up to a terrace or a balcony.
A snack bar is available in July and August.
A safety deposit box is also available in each room.
Guests can request shuttle services and park their cars free of charge on spot.
Mini-hotel Anasyp offers accommodation in Sukhum.
Bicycles can be rented at the reception.
Free private parking is available.
Each apartment features a bathroom with a shower.
Hotel Sheraton Jeddah is less than a 5-minutes drive from Jeddah’s beachfront activities at the promenade.
Yeongdeungpo Station is 400 metres away.
Modern comforts include free Wi-Fi, an outdoor sala and sun loungers.
Guembé Duplex will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony.
For other meals, guests can enjoy regional cuisine here.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas and there is a free public parking on site.
The A45 motorway is a 25-minute drive, and free parking is available on site.
The kitchen is equipped with a fridge and a stovetop.
On request, bread rolls are delivered to the apartments in the morning.
The property is a 3-hour bus ride from Cebu city.
Currency exchange and luggage storage is available at the front desk.
A grocery shop can be found just 200 metres from the property, as can numerous restaurants, bars, cafés and boutiques.
Some rooms have a shared bathroom and a balcony with city views.
All units offer sea views and come with air conditioning.
At Holiday Saidia you will find a garden.
The hotel also offers car hire.
The unit is 800 metres from Armenian Opera and Ballet Theatre.
All rooms are air-conditioned and include a TV, refrigerator and private bathroom.
Private parking is free.
Wi-Fi access and parking are provided for free.
All rooms overlook the hotel's manicured front lawns.
It offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
All apartments come with full laundry facilities and has a balcony with views.
You can play table tennis at the property, and bike hire is available.
Sheremetyevo International Airport is 28 km from the property.
The Teneguía has a sun terrace and a library.
You can play tennis and billiards at the hotel. The hotel also offers bike hire both for adults and children.
Guests enjoy free Wi-Fi access at all areas.
Guests benefit from balcony.
Massage facilities are available.
Rynok Square is 100 metres from DREAM Hostel Lviv, while The Armenian Cathedral is 100 metres away.
Featuring free WiFi and a restaurant, Hotel Zolotaya Dolina offers accommodation in Akademgorodok.
The house can accommodate up to six persons.
Faro International Airport is located 45 km away, and Manta Rota beach is a 10-minute drive away.
Alessandria is a 20-minute drive away.
The hotel is around 10 minutes’ walk from the Shanklin Chine and the town centre.
Icelandic horses can be rented on site.
Guests can cook at the fully equipped kitchens.
Most rooms have a private terrace with sea views.
1854, The Maplegrove Inn is located in Riverside.
Maribel Spa Hotel features free WiFi throughout the property.
It features a garden with a heated outdoor swimming pool and a furnished terrace.
Every unit features a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
The property boasts views of the mountain is 600 metres from Feodosiya.
The house has 4 bedrooms and a furnished terrace with BBQ facilities.
A continental breakfast including eggs and homemade jams is provided every morning.
There is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven.
All rooms have a satellite TV, a minibar and an en suite bathroom.
Phuket island is a 5-minute boat ride away.
Guests can dine at Charlie’s Pub and Grill or BMC Bistro at Clarion Inn.
A private or shared bathroom is featured.
O'Hare Airport is located 26 km away.
Queretaro International Airport is a 40-minute drive away.
You can play darts at the property, and free use of bicycles is available.
The main train station is a 1.5 km away.
Room service is also available 24 hours a day.
Its modern rooms are equipped with a 42-inch flat-screen TV.
has a washing machine, and the living room features a sofa bed and cable TV.
Local dishes from the Aegean cuisine can be served in the courtyard upon guest’s request.
There is a boat rental facility 900 metres from the property.
Burgas Airport is 11 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Moscow Domodedovo Airport, 29 km from Apartment metro Bratislavskaya.
Chisinau Airport is 14 km away.
The restaurant serves Swabian cuisine made from local, organic ingredients.
Certain units feature a seating area where you can relax.
Macon Loché Train Station is 31 km away.
Chrudim Train Station is 2 km away.
Set in Santa Pola, this apartment features free WiFi. The apartment is 8 km from Playa Carabassi Beach.
Shops and restaurants are 1.5 km away.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is also a separate bathroom.
They are air conditioned and equipped with a satellite TV, safe and hairdryer.
Breakfast can be enjoyed in the cafeteria and tapas is also available.
At Gatti - Monolocale Ospedaletti there is access to the furnished terrace where you can enjoy a sea view.
Daily housekeeping, laundry and ironing service are available.
Traditional Morrocan cuisine and cooking courses are available.
The four bedroom apartment comes with a kitchen, a living/dining area and two bathrooms.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries.
Dalaman Airport is 60 km away and a shuttle service is available.
A private balcony is standard in all apartments.
The apartment enjoys close proximity to restaurants and cafes.
Myrtle Beach State Park is 9 minutes’ drive from the Sandpebble property.
In-room food delivery is also available.